hello how are you today 

im good how are you

these birches can be found in many places in Europe - the photos is from a short trip to Baden-Baden in 2007. the clouds in the background are the messengers of the storm Kyrill. here are some more moments of the trip: Baden-Baden.
-
“ast/ray” is a bilingual wordplay: “ast” means “twig” in German. and while “Baden-Baden” sounds like wordplay, too, it is the actual name of a rather well-know spa town that also dates back to Roman times. “Bad” is the German word for “bath”.
Mirror effect turned out nice. I like

Watch Survivor Redemption Island Season 22 Episode 11: A Mystery Package Online S22e11 Free Stream Megavideo
Article by StreamThatSeries
Horray!time for another dose of very exciting reality series with lots of twists.You must watch survivor redemption island season 22 episode 11 tonight with a title of “Mystery Package” coz surely this will stir things up on the merge tribe murlonio. But in case you will the episode on your television set at home , just follow through the link here to watch survivor redemption island season 22 episode 11 a mystery package online for free at anyhotstuff.com
Here’s some sort or recaps and tidbits for last week’s episode: 5. Rice Capades – I don’t really know where to begin with talking about Phillip this week. I know that I certainly don’t want to use the c-word to describe Phillip’s behavior. However, through all of the histrionics in this episode, one thing is clear: You can no longer make the argument that Phillip is playing a game with any sort of strategy.
Phillip told us last week that his intention was to get Boston Rob to want Phillip next to him at the end of the game. However, at this point Phillip is not showing any signs that winning this game is his objective at all. Phillip is certainly entitled to having an opinion and feeling the way he does but part of being a good Survivor player is occasionally hiding your feelings in the interests of winning the game. Phillip’s aggressive behavior has all but assured himself a zero percent chance at the million dollars. Even if Phillip makes it to the final three, he would need five votes to win the game. Considering that there will likely be five Zapatera tribe members on the jury, this incident is going to stick to Phillip like a certain color on rice.
4. The Great Divide – Besides for Phillip, I think the most unique thing about this season of Survivor is the lack of a merge. Oh, it technically happened, but this is the only season of Survivor I can remember where the merged tribe not only has a separate alliance but separate shelters and separate food rations too. Actually, this isn’t that uncommon, I know a lot of people in bad marriages who live the same way. The big question going forward will be how much will the Zapateras hold Boston Rob accountable for being shut out to this degree? Phillip has done a lot to take the heat off of Rob but don’t be surprised if at the end of the game, the Zapatera tribe continues to act as a group and completely vote together for whomever treated them best – which is why I maintain one of the three Ometepe women have a great shot to win this game.
3. Saving Sheppard – This season, I have spent much more time breaking down Boston Rob’s decisions in the game than any of the other players. In my opinion, Rob has far more control in this game than any other Survivor may have had at this point in history. Since Rob is controlling the vote, did Rob make the right move by keeping Phillip this week? On the one hand, he realizes that getting rid of Phillip would end a lot of the drama around camp and may even create some goodwill among the remaining Zapateras. Instead, Rob chose to keep Phillip around for another week and I agree with his decision. Phillip Sheppard is the best thing that happened to Boston Rob this season because Phillip’s distractions keep everybody from thinking about the game. When Phillip is going off about rice, feathers or kung fu, nobody is ever asking themselves about their position in the tribe or some big move they’re going to make – and that’s exactly how Boston Rob wants it to be.
2. Tribal Counseling – It was no surprise that the feud between Phillip and Steve spilled over in to this week’s tribal council. I thought that Jeff Probst showed why he is the best host on television by exploring both sides of the debate. What I still don’t understand is what happened to Phillip’s shirt? Has there ever been a Survivor contestant to attend tribal council topless before? Now with Julie gone the prospects seem pretty slim that Phillip will ever find his bathing suit. Phillip now can only hope to win a reward at some point to find the first clue to the hidden bathing suit.
1. Three’s Company – This week we had our first ever three-way duel on Redemption Island, which ended in Mike and Matt moving on and David getting eliminated. I think the top 2 people advancing at Redemption Island seems like it would help Matt in his quest to return to the game since it seems unlikely he would ever come in last (unless the duel involved having a strategy of some sort). Unfortunately, it looks like Redemption Island is starting to really take its toll on Matt. In Matt’s prayers he says that he doesn’t want to be on Survivor anymore but is simply carrying out God’s will. You would think that having an extra person on Redemption Island might help cheer Matt up a little bit, but apparently Mike Chisel isn’t that great of a roommate.
What you waiting for, watch Survivor: Redemption Island season 22 Episode 11 a Mystery Package Survivor: Redemption Tropical isle Year twenty-two Event 11: We all Can’t stand A lot of our Tribe is currently approaching globally regarding tv set landscape an important subject due to this usually are We all Dislike Much of our Tribe. So that it signifies usual account a single tribe has long been dislike other tribe the reason why? Inside the landscape with the Survivor: Redemption Tropical isle Month or year twenty-two Show 11 On line aboard just what occur inside this landscape. He together with Kristina duel at Redemption Island. On the Ometepe campy, tribe unity commences to help you out unravel. Thus test in order to savor Survivor: Redemption Tropical isle Length twenty-two Show 11 online. Survivor: Redemption Tropical area Period twenty-two Show 11:. Of which CBS Survivor: Redemption Tropical isle 22?11 show on tv alongside subject We all Can’t stand Many of our Tribe Survivor: Redemption Tropical isle Season twenty-two Event 11: EVERY Puzzle Deal. This particular CBS Survivor: Redemption Tropical isle 22?11 show on tv combined with subject ANY Puzzle Package deal shown about Saturday, Annual percentage rates 29 2011 for 08: 00 EVENING HOURS. This can be a new conclusion regarding Survivor: Redemption Tropical isle Year or so twenty-two Event 11: VIRTUALLY ANY Puzzle Deal: About Redemption Tropical isle, He will be having a mechanical disappointment, one more castaway will be voted through your video game. Previous shows: Episode 10 “Rice Wars” Phillip and also Steve clash. Episode 9 “The Colleague System” Rob tries to be able to secure an Ometepe connections, but Grant may really do the one to jeopardize the item. Survivor is an American version of this Survivor reality television sport show, itself derived from the Swedish television series Journey Robinson originally created in 1997 by Charlie Parsons. This series premiered on May perhaps 31, 2000 on CBS. It can be hosted by veteran television system personality, reporter and one-time performance show emcee Jeff Probst, who might be also an executive designer, and also executive that is caused by Mark Burnett and main creator Charlie Parsons. WATCH HERE : Watch Survivor: Redemption Island Season 22 Episode 11 The show maroons a small grouping strangers (as one or longer tribes) in a destitute locale, where they ought to provide food, water, open fire, and shelter for themselves, while competing in challenges to earn either a reward, or an immunity from expulsion from the game yearly of the successive votes for elimination. While a great deal rarer than elimination by vote, medical conditions, such as injury or infection, need eliminated several contestants. The last 2 or three survivors face a jury historically made from at least the final seven players voted shut off. That jury interrogates one last few, and then votes for those winner of the distinction of Sole Survivor in addition to a million dollar prize. The first U. S. season of Survivor followed identical general format as the particular Swedish series, but, subsequently, the show has introduced several twists over the core rules to keep the players on their toes and prevent players from influenced by strategies that succeeded with prior seasons. These alters have included tribal buttons, seasons starting with well over two tribes, the abil vity to exile a gamer from a tribe for a few days, and hidden immun ity idols that players are able to use to save themselves for tribal council. Season 22 It season’s cast features typically the return of Rob MICHAEL. and Russell. This is Russell’s third time for the show and Rob METERS. ‘s fourth. It is the very first time in the show’s hist ory that your cont estant has played several individual times. This per iod also feat ures two past NFL players (Grant and also Steve). CBS today annou nced 16 of 18 castaw ays who will compete against each additi onal on SURV IVOR: REDEMPTI ON TROPICAL ISLAND, when the Em my Award-win ning series returns as for the 22nd season, Wednesday, February. 16 (8: 00-9: 00 EVENING, ET/PT) on the CBS Video Network. Two of your 18 cas taways, to be reve aled later this 7-day period, are form er casta ways who will return to seek redemption. This edition of SURVI VOR will include a new twist when, for when, castaways who have been elimi nated th rough the ga me will have possibi lity to seek rede mption and re turn for the opport unity to win the mil lion mone tary prize. Each week at Tribal Coun cil beca use a cast away is vot ed from, they will be brou ght to an isola ted isl and gen erally known as “Rede mption Isla nd, ” where they ‘ll live alo ne in ex ile. To last on Redempt ion Isla nd, they must com pete in a duel about the next person elimin ated wit hin Tr ibal Cou ncil and pumped to the Island. The winner of each duel earns an appro priate to contin ue figh ting for ena ble you to retu rn to the game and the chance to compete for the subj ect of Sole Sur vivor; the part icular los er is sent hou se. The bat tle unfolds in Nica ragua where 18 casta ways will pos sibly be divi ded into two Trib es of nine: the Omet epe Tr ibe and then the Zapatera Tribe. The tr ibes are derived from indivi duals fro m all dif ferent bac kgrounds aid ed by the same ultimate goal: for being the Sole Survi vor. While 16 of yo ur cont estants are new to the competi tion, two are former castaways that will be gi ven an other opportu nity to com pete for the million dollar prize andf the other last shot at redem ption.
About the Author
Watch FULL EPISODE here for Free

Pesky?
this was a high school project for a president campaign in our government class, yes thats him, for a school project, you guys are crazy
i know his dad from work. very cool and funny guy!!

metalkingdom.net [ 80′s @ 8 Feature Video – Big City Nights [VIDEO] By Chris Chapman March 13, 2012 It's time to rock out to those talented Germans Rudolf and Klaus from the Scorpions! "Big City Nights" wasn't as big as "Rock You Like A Hurricane" or "Winds Of Change", but it still stands the test of time. Read More Category: 80's @ 8 Featured Video Tags: 80's, big city nights, love at first sting, Scorpions Send to a friend! Print this page Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Pin it! Reddit This!

Splice Review
Black Ops Escalation Map Pack [VIDEO]
Scream 4 Review-No Spoilers
Best seem
Thrashman’s Metal Pick Of The Week
Nightmare On Elm Street [VIDEO]
2011 Dodge Charger
Mr Skin’s Anatomy Awards

Billy Gibbons & Co., ‘Oh Well’ – Song Review
Just days after the announcement of a new Fleetwood Mac tribute album, fans can hear the first offering. ZZ Top‘s Billy Gibbons fronts a group that slows down and swampifies the 1969 hit ‘Oh Well.’
No one will accuse Gibbons, Matt Sweeney and Blake Mills of being intimidated by the already bluesy rock song. Their version is an original, born from the mud of Mississippi Delta.
This new power trio stretch a two or three minute cut (original version) to nearly five minutes of rootsy rambling with bare bones percussion and organ garnish. Gibbons is a burly behemoth on vocals, which don’t begin until almost 90 seconds into the song.
‘s ‘Oh Well’ was one from his Texas twosome’s catalog. Sweeney has another cut on ‘Just Tell Me That You Want Me,’ available Aug. 14. This song makes you want to hear it immediately.
Listen to Billy Gibbons & Co., 'Oh Well'

‘Silent Hill: Revelation 3D’ Review
As far as sub-literate, incomprehensible pieces of garbage are concerned, ‘Silent Hill: Revelation 3D‘ is one of the year’s best.
With an asinine plot, risible dialogue and atrocious acting, this sequel to a half-remembered video game adaptation still manages to provide a great number of base thrills with its nightmarish imagery. As such it is a quagmire of dread both within and without, disturbing to watch and to think about. This makes for a strange alchemy: in time you identify with the lead character (a young woman in peril) not because you are engaged with the film, but because enduring such an atrocity becomes its own act of survival. How ’bout that for a neat trick, eh?
Which isn’t to say ‘Silent Hill: Revelation 3D’ isn’t gorgeous to look at. I have almost no recollection of the first film, other than a handful of striking images. That’s back again: the snow, walls of skin, faceless undead, buildings disintegrating into ash, contorted mannequins and an enormous bruiser with a metal pyramid over its head. Whether popping out of shadows for jump-scares or merely lined up in a tableaux, they are creepy and mysterious and get under your skin more so, frankly, than any other disturbing images in a mainstream horror film released this year.
Even the “normal” scenes, the blue collar town and its mundane interiors, are saturated with bright, bold colors. There’s such a fine attention to the look (and sound, if your theater has nice speakers) it is shocking that the filmmakers would allow such truly wretched dialogue.
It’s just a few scenes in, when Sean Bean is having some sort of flashback with the previous film’s Radha Mitchell, where the belly laughs come. The words trip from their mouths like when little kids pretend at acting in a classical play. But in time you’ll put together that our lead, young Adelaide Clemens (playing 17 but, no offense, she could pass for 32) [Ed. note: she's 22] must not ever, ever, ever go to the mysterious town of Silent Hill. This is made abundantly clear. Yet when strange creatures begin following her, such as twitching, skinned, faceless creatures and, worse, Martin Donovan in a ruffled raincoat, loose tie and dirty hat, it’s only a matter of time before she hits the road.
Ostensibly she’s searching for her father (Bean) who is tied up in some ‘Flash Gordon’-ish chamber, but she’ll quickly discover that her visit will lead to an epic battle between good and evil, summoning a dormant spirit and…I dunno…there’s something to do with a giant coin that, when shoved into Malcolm McDowell’s chest does something to unleash….something. Even with Jon Snow from ‘Game of Thrones‘ hammering us with exposition in a really strange Canadian accent (though the film is set within a night’s drive of West Virginia,) I’m fairly certain that there is no one person out there that can explain the entirety of the baffling plot to ‘Silent Hill: Revelation 3D.’ I’m sure the video game purists will delight in all the boxes that need to be ticked before elevating to the next level; the rest of us will just wonder where the hell they’re running now.
The thing is that with better acting and a reevaluation of the script, you could almost take this movie seriously. Many of the scenes have a ‘Twin Peaks: Fire Walk With Me’ vibe, but whereas David Lynch will intentionally derail the narrative to evoke an uncomfortable response, ‘Silent Hill: Revelation 3D’ does it all au naturale. The overall disconnect (one minute an atmospheric ‘Carnival of Souls,’ the next minute unreleasable trash) is something that, I must confess, I enjoyed, but that is because I admire the occasional baffling moviegoing experience. Your mileage up this hill, as they say, may vary.
‘Silent Hill: Revelation 3D’ is now playing in theaters.
Jordan Hoffman is a writer, critic and lapsed filmmaker living in New York City. His work can also be seen on Film.com, Badass Digest and StarTrek.com.

Taylor Swift, Justin Bieber, Lady Gaga + More Are Forbes’ Highest Paid Under 30
?
Swift nabbed the numero uno slot since she earned a whopping $57 mil between May of this and last year. She can be counted on to sell about four million copies of her albums, in an age when albums don’t sell four million copies. She makes a cool milli per show, and with a CoverGirl contract, she’s golden like her curls.
Biebs, a Forbes cover boy, tallied $55 million receipts. He’s a venture capitalist in the digital realm. RiRi — a former CoverGirl herself — raked in $53 million. Album sales, tours and promo gigs, with the deep pocket likes Vita Coco and Nivea skincare, earned her this slot.
Gaga fell from grace a bit. She plummeted to No. 4, after topping the list in 2011. She dropped from $90 million to $52 million. We know, $42 million seems like a big drop, but when the average Jane makes under $100,000, it’s hard to sympathize. The reason for the drop? Less touring in 2012, so expect an increase next year, since receipts from her Born This Way Ball, which is selling out, will count towards that list.
Perry tallied $45 million from her music and touring. She won’t have to split it with ex-hubby Russell Brand, with whom she did not (!!!) have a pre-nup. That Russell is a stand up guy, and we’re not talking about his comedian gig.
Top 10 Under 30:
1. Taylor Swift
2. Justin Bieber
3. Rihanna
4. Lady Gaga
5. Katy Perry
6. Adele
7. Kristen Stewart
8. Lil Wayne
9. Taylor Lautner
10. Robert Pattinson
Next: See Justin Bieber's Celebrity Look-Alike
Watch the B.o.B ‘Both of Us’ Video Feat. Taylor Swift

All branches of the Imperial War Museum are commemorating the 70th anniversary of 1940 - the year which saw the introduction of rationing; Winston Churchill come to power; the evacuation of Dunkirk; the Battle of Britain; and the Blitz - with a range of special exhibitions, events and engaging online content.
Whether you’d like to attend an air show at Imperial War Museum Duxford, want to review the new Explore History 1940 display at Imperial War Museum London, or are simply seeking background information on the momentous events of 1940, members of the press can find all relevant information on this page.
Press releases
For information on any of the 1940 anniversary events or exhibitions taking place at the Imperial War Museum, please refer to one of the press releases below:
The Imperial War Museum Commemorates 1940, ‘Britain’s Finest Hour’
Imperial War Museum Duxford Commemorates the 70th Anniversary of the Battle of Britain
Duxford in May: Battle of Britain Memorial Flight (Saturday 15 May) and Spring Air Show (Sunday 16 May)
A Snapshot of Life at Duxford: Duxford in the Battle of Britain Photography Exhibition
Explore History at Imperial War Museum London, from 21 May 2010
1940s Activities at the Churchill War Rooms
Images and Film
A selection of high-resolution images, complete with captions and copyright information, is available to download from Pictures for Press.
For broadcast-quality film, get in touch directly with one of the Museum’s press offices who can provide a selection of archive and contemporary content on DVD.
Contacts
If you can’t find what you’re looking for above, please contact one of the Museum’s press offices:
Imperial War Museum London, Ellie Farrell: 020 7416 5497, efarrell@iwm.org.uk
Churchill War Rooms and HMS Belfast, Nicola Osmond-Evans: 020 7416 5316, nosmond-evans@iwm.org.uk
Imperial War Museum Duxford, Esther Blaine: 01223 499 320, eblaine@iwm.org.uk
Imperial War Museum North, Alex Knight: 0161 836 4040, aknight@iwm.org.uk

Get a trade-in offer for your vehicle.
READY TO SCOOT!What's the dividing line between a scooter and a motorcycle? The all-new Honda Silver Wing erases all those old boundaries. You can tour on it. You can use it to run errands. It's as luxurious as a top-of-the-line limo and as athletic as you want it to be.

9 tracks following a sort of hard-boiled noir feeling for me. Clearly, it illustrates that I enjoy brass sections. A sort of angst towards the end, maybe. This is music for a subdued, sophisticated night. Music from the Cowboy Bebop OST, Calexico, and Au Revoir Simone and others.
Tag Cloud
- soundtrack
- ska
- japanese
- anime
- indie
- instrumental
- ska punk
- indie pop
- alt-country
- rock
- composer
- christian
- blues
- alternative
- electronic
- americana
- synthpop
- folk
- jazz
- punk
- indie rock
- christian ska
- american
- ska-punk
- dream pop
- hack sign
- beautiful
- punk rock
- ambient
- pop
Thanks, I am glad you liked it!
2011-04-12 17:14:49 UTC


WARSAW (Reuters) - Hackers broke into the computer network of the Polish president's office and attempted to spread a computer virus in the form of an email attachment, the president's press office said on Thursday.
Similar incidents have taken place at several other government offices this month, including the Defence and Foreign Affairs Ministries.
The internal security agency ABW had placed strict limits on Internet access at Prime Minister Donald Tusk's office after the cyber attacks were first detected.
The president's press office declined to discuss the details of the latest hacking incident, except to confirm it took place and an email with a "harmful contents" was being investigated.
Niebezpiecznik, a website specializing in covering cyber security, aid it had been contacted by a hacker using the pseudonym Alladyn2 who claimed responsibility for the attacks on government networks.
The person was quoted as saying they were only meant to test the government's ability to withstand them.
The website included several screen shots of what it said were the contents of an email account of a high ranking official at the prime minister's office and a list of passwords used by its workers.
The attacks follow similar incidents in the Czech Republic.
(Reporting By Karolina Slowikowska and Dagmara Leszkowicz)

Professional/Career: Student
Basic Interests: Earning Cash Prizes
Relationship Status: In a Relationship
Favorite Type of Music: The 80's, The 90's, Rock, Smooth Jazz
Favorite Activities: Reading, TV watching, Spending time with family/kids, Computer activities, Going to movies, Fishing, Walking, Church/church activities, Listening to music, Socializing with friends/neighbors, Playing music, Hunting, Swimming, Camping, Playing cards, Hiking, Cooking, Animals/pets/dogs, Dancing, Sleeping

Faron Young to be Featured On Sunday’s Classic Country Spotlight
Join us Sunday morning at 11 for the Country Classic Spotlight. In the spotlight this weekend: Faron Young, country singer and songwriter from the early 1950′s into the mid 1980′s.
One of Faron’s biggest hits was “Hello Walls.” Written by Willie Nelson, it held the position of #1 for 9 weeks on the Country Charts 50 years ago in 1961. Hits like “You Ain’t lovin’ You Ain’t Living,” and “Live Fast, Love Hard, Die Young,” made him a honky tonk singer.
Faron Young was one of country music’s most colorful stars. Born in Shreveport, Louisiana in February 1932. He was discovered by Webb Pierce in 1951. He was known as “The Hillbilly Heartthrob” and was a staple at the Grand Ole Opry and various radio and television shows.
During the 90′,s Young was stricken with emphysema. He became depressed by his poor health. He shot himself in December 1996 at age 64.
Sunday October 9th we will remember Faron Young, his life and music on the Country Classic Show at 11 a.m. on the Country Classic Spotlight.

The Standing Senate Committee on Fisheries and Oceans
has the honour to table its
SECOND REPORT
Your Committee, which was authorized by the Senate on Sunday, June 26, 2011 to examine and to report on issues relating to the federal government’s current and evolving policy framework for managing Canada’s fisheries and oceans, herewith tables its interim report entitled: Seeing the Light: Report on Staffed Lighthouses in Newfoundland and Labrador and British Columbia.
Respectfully submitted,
FABIAN
MANNING
Chair of the Committee

Discover Your Blip. What do you want to watch?
In the case of "Mr. Christie and his Wandering Aperture", Private Investigator B.J. Fletcher and her best friend George go undercover at Dominic Christie's photography studio. Once there, they set to work to uncover proof on Marilyn's cheating husband. Unfortunately for our intrepid investigator, things don't go quite according to plan.
B.J. Fletcher: Private Eye is a wicked awesome web series centering on the investigatorial shenanigans of Private Investigator B.J. Fletcher and her best friend and assistant, Georgia Drew. In a rollercoaster ride of action, comedy and drama, the series follows our dynamic female duo as they take on everything from running surveillance, to going undercover, to foiling would-be saboteurs, all whilst grappling with their ever-evolving relationship. Will they? Won't they? The chemistry between the two characters is undeniable and presents an intriguing and complex relationship as it unfolds over the course of the series.

Thanks to some christmas gift certificates, I bought Jakob Nielsen's book today, but I feel dirty for doing it. Nielsen's the kind of person you love to hate. I'll let you know how the book is when I finish reading it.
Tonight, I'm heading over to The Jazz Bakery to see one of my favorites, Mose Allison.

lino cut plates
Working on some new printing plates for clay impressions. There is a newish brad of lino available that is carving beautifully for this, along with my trusty handmade japanese tools this is a perfect combination. Katherine and I are very excited to see how our new range will be perceived. We are still in the initial stages at the moment but I can sense it will be great!
lindenlia likes this
ushumoradvice likes this
today9201 likes this
abbyseymour posted this

AISForAlias.com: The Leading AIS for Alias Site on the Net aisforalias.com has been connecting our visitors with providers of Adventure Travel, Africa Travel, Air Travel and many other related services for nearly 10 years. Join thousands of satisfied visitors who found Asia Travel, Business Travel, Caribbean Travel, Cruise Travel, and Discount Travel.

Practicing What We Teach
Canon law allows the diocesan bishop to impose taxes, sometimes called diocesan assessments, quotas, mandatory targets or fees, on parishes. Although dioceses in the United States increasingly rely upon voluntary annual appeals, a survey in 2001 by the Diocese of Great Falls-Billings in Montana found that 73 of the 96 responding dioceses collected mandatory taxes from parishes to meet diocesan needs.
Catholic social teaching provides some clear guidance about how these taxes should be collected. In Mater et Magistra (1961), Pope John XXIII wrote that in a system of taxation based on justice and equity it is fundamental that the burdens be proportioned to the capacity of the people contributing. In their 1986 pastoral letter on the U.S. economy, the American bishops explicity endorsed a progressive tax scheme based on assessment according to ability to pay as a prime necessity for basic justice.
Given such clear guidance from Catholic social teaching and their own pastoral letter of 1986, the bishops might well be expected to employ progressive tax rates in their dioceses. But that is far from being the case.
A survey of diocesan taxing practices conducted in 2003 at Notre Dame Law School shows that bishops who impose diocesan taxes in the United States use flat tax rates almost four times more frequently than progressive rates. Of the 73 dioceses that describe themselves as imposing diocesan taxes, six dioceses do not base their diocesan taxes on income at all. Only 14 diocesesor less than 20 percentreported using progressive tax rates. The remaining 53 diocesesan overwhelming majority of dioceses that report imposing a taxmention only flat rates in describing their diocesan taxes. Stated another way, those flat-rate dioceses outnumber the 14 dioceses using progressive rates for a diocesan tax by a ratio of almost four to one.
By contrast, the federal income tax in the United States uses a progressive system, in which tax rates increase as income increases. For example, taxpayers might pay a 10 percent tax on the first $10,000 of income, 15 percent on the next $20,000 and 25 percent on all income in excess of $30,000. Under a flat tax, on the other hand, the same tax rate, say 20 percent, would apply to all taxable income. Thus, for example, a taxpayer who earned $10,000 would pay $2,000 in tax, while a taxpayer with $1,000,000 in income would owe $200,000 in tax. Although both tax collections and actual spending determine whether a tax system redistributes economic resources from the rich to the poor, progressive rates further such a redistribution.
While urging the redistribution of economic wealth in the U.S., the bishops in 1986 called on the government to use three principles to evaluate the public tax system and its effect on the poor. First, the tax system should raise adequate revenues to pay for society’s needs, especially the obligation to meet the poor’s basic necessities. Second, the system should not require families below the official poverty line to pay income taxes. Third, the tax system should use a progressive structure so that those taxpayers who enjoy relatively greater financial resources pay taxes at a higher rate. The bishops explicitly commented that a progressive tax system would reduce the severe inequalities of income and wealth in the United States.
In the same pastoral letter, the bishops stressed their belief and teaching that all the moral principles that govern the just operation of any economic endeavor apply to the church and its agencies and institutions and articulated the need for the church to model exemplary behavior. In view of this, the bishops would do well to follow their own counsel. Both collectively and individually, they should review their diocesan tax policies and practices to determine whether they flow from the ethical moral vision articulated in their pastoral letter. Using their teachings about national tax policy as a general guide, diocesan taxes under canon law should therefore: (1) raise adequate revenues to fund the diocese’s needs, including the obligations to assist the poor in the diocese, poorer parishes in the diocese, other dioceses, and the Apostolic See; (2) exempt poorer parishes from the tax (or at least subject them to lower tax rates than richer parishes); and (3) use progressive rates so that those parishes and other taxable entities enjoying relatively greater financial resources pay at a higher tax rate.
Moreover, distributive justice challenges the bishops to adopt diocesan tax practices that in both fact and appearance seek to ensure that poorer parishes can adequately support priests and ministers, build and maintain churches and schools, and assist the poor and vulnerable in their communities. Flat tax rates offer simplicity, but they do not redistribute economic resources. Current diocesan programs to support parishes in need may redistribute parish resources as well as progressive tax rates would. Nonetheless, by either completely exempting poorer parishes from diocesan taxes or reducing the tax rates on such parishes and raising the tax rates on more affluent parishes, the bishops in the United States can rather easily adopt progressive rates with little, if any, loss in overall revenue to the diocese.
The bishops should adopt progressive tax rates and otherwise change their policies and practices regarding diocesan taxes under canon law to follow more closely the commitment to distributive justice in Catholic social teaching. To facilitate this process, the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops should consider undertaking a project that would draft one or more model progressive diocesan tax systems for diocesan bishops to bring back to their dioceses for consultation and possible implementation. As an added benefit, such reforms in diocesan tax policies would enable the bishops to speak more authentically on federal income tax issues, and especially to oppose the periodically recurring efforts to move to a flat federal income tax.
The Christian emphasis on distributive justice goes back well beyond current church teaching. Jesus and his disciples practiced what Jesus preached. John’s Gospel reports that they kept a common purse out of which the group met their own needs and gave amounts to the poor (Jn 12:6, 13:29). In the Acts of the Apostles, St. Luke explains the practices used by the early Christians to support the church and the poor within the community (Acts 4:32-37). In the First Letter to the Corinthians, St. Paul describes how one body of believers might lend assistance to another group (1 Cor 16:1-4). In the Second Letter to the Corinthians, Paul also urges the faithful to follow the example of the churches of Macedonia, which voluntarily gave according to their means, [and] beyond their means, spontaneously, and begged us insistently for the favor of taking part in the service to the holy ones (2 Cor 8:3-4).
The payment of diocesan taxes allows a parish to help its diocese and the universal church to build the kingdom of God here on earth. In the closing sentence of their letter on the U.S. economy, the bishops wrote: Love implies concern for allespecially the poorand a continued search for those social and economic structures that permit everyone to share in a community that is part of a redeemed creation. Using progressive rates to impose diocesan taxes would better enable the U.S. bishops to practice what the Gospel, the universal church and they themselves teach.

Custom Replacement Windows Washington, DC, Maryland, Northern Virginia
Complete the Quick Estimate Form for a FREE Window Estimate
Custom window replacement can enhance the beauty and elegance of your home, while also improving security and energy-efficiency, and reducing noise and draftiness. American Custom Contractors is proud to feature custom-built replacement windows. Choose from our wide selection; from Bays, bows, double-hung, casements, single and double sliders, sliding glass doors, skylights, and geometric shapes. All windows include high performance insulated glass to help save energy and make your home more comfortable. We also offer Pella windows and window installation.
Our of $1,500 AND save you money on your monthly energy bills!
What are the advantages to Custom Replacement Windows?
Custom fit replacement windows are guaranteed to fit properly to reduce draftiness, outside noise, and the likelihood of leaking in the future. Additionally, custom windows allow you the option of a variety of different shapes, styles and designs for each room in your home. We also offer skylights in standard and custom-fit sizes.
Is there a benefit to having vinyl windows versus wood or aluminum?
- Vinyl windows: Vinyl windows provide many benefits that wood and aluminum windows do not. Vinyl is a durable material, which means less maintenance and longer lasting beauty. When installed, vinyl windows do not require painting.
- Wood windows: Many consider wood windows to be the most visually appealing. The natural beauty of wood is difficult to reproduce. They are often chosen for their strength, ability to be painted or stained, and their insulating qualities. Wood will not conduct heat or cold as easily, thereby providing good insulation against hot summer or cold winter days.
- Vinyl, Aluminum, or Wood Clad windows: These windows offer homeowners the option of having the benefits of one kind of window (such as the durability of vinyl or the natural beauty of wood) with the appearance of another. The window will can be made out of the product of your choice, but will be capped with a finish that appears to be another product.
What are the features that American Custom Contractors can offer on custom window replacements?
Double-insulated glass
- Low Emissivity Glass
- Argon or Krypton gas
- Tilt-wash windows
- Vinyl, aluminum or wood clad
- Wood or vinyl grids in a variety of styles and colors
- Frosted glass
- Designer glass
How easy it is to replace or install new skylights in my home?
- American Custom Contractors offers a variety of skylights, in standard and custom sizes, to fit your home’s needs. Skylight installation is an easy way to increase the lighting and ambiance in any room of your home. Ask one of our Project Consultants about options for skylight installation!
American Custom Contractors is one of the leading replacement windows companies in the Maryland, Northern Virginia and Washington, DC metro area. With decades of experience under our belt, our sales associates and window installers are the best in the business. From traditional replacement windows to energy-efficient windows to custom window installation, American Custom Contractors is regarded as one of the top window contractors in the Mid-Atlantic.
Please Complete the Free Estimate Request form on replacement windows or new window installation! We look forward to working with you!
Related Topics:
- DC Window Replacement
- MD Window Installation
- Bethesda (20817, 20814, others)
- Potomac (20854 and others)
- Rockville (20852 and others)
- Gaithersburg (20878 and others)
- Silver Spring
- Northern VA Windows Contractors
- Alexandria
- Fairfax
- Herndon
- McLean
- Reston
- Vienna

Avi second time the other night. In the middle of telling a story, I had that awful feeling in the pit of my stomach that I had just told him that same story a week ago. Oops!! I recognize I’m very lucky, but I desperately need some help keeping track of potential keepers?
Raining Men
Dear Raining Men:
Every girl should be so lucky to have a swarm of men — nay, a veritable entourage! — buzzing about her. And, as you’ve identified, with great opportunity comes great challenge.
Mistakes can be made whether you’re dating a pair of men, or what Adele calls a “Match.com Minyan.” You not only have to worry about putting your best foot forward, but also keeping that foot out of your mouth. Facts, details, anecdotes can become the bane of your existence if you don’t treat the business of dating like a, well, business.
Allocate a little brain power to what Avi calls “date management.” Go high-tech with a spreadsheet or even your phone’s contact-tracking capabilities to map out critical details. Or keep it low-tech with every girl’s favorite tool: the little black book.
You’ll find peace of mind by keeping a few mundane details at your fingertips. It’s really the mundane you want to capture, unless you’re a total hussy and can’t recall which base you’ve rounded with whom without having to document when, where, and how.
So what to track? Consider any or all of the following:
Siblings/Parents (How many of each? Where do they live?)
Past date details (Where did you go? Who paid?)
Job/Company name/College
Faith (Is he conservative, reform, or other? Does he fast on Yom Kippur?)
Passions (What’s his top hobby? What countries has he visited?)
Great embarrassment also comes from repeating stories about yourself. Things could get sticky – assuming that he knows something about you when you haven’t told him or even giving an old story an embellished encore. So be sure to note which major stories and details you’ve shared with him too.
One strategy that Avi uses with his first dates is to make sure to cover family, job and world travels before the check hits the table. That way, he can treat all future conversations as informed about his personal life.
Also, consider creating a post-date checklist to review before future dates.
Too much to handle? Then maybe the big leagues aren’t for you and you should scale down your efforts to give your dating life the love and attention it deserves. Whether you’re handling your men as individuals or looking for the wholesale discount, remember that your best bet is to just be yourself. With that strategy, you’ll hit a home run every time.
Livin’ and Lovin’,
Avi and Adele

Your Name: Christine Thomson How many children do you have? 3 boys Their ages? 17 yrs, 15 yrs, & 8 yrs Your Business Name: Compassionate Nutritionist Brief Description of Your Business: I help the Uber-Busy Superwoman learn how to incorporate healthy living practices into her daily lifestyle. What was your inspiration to start your business? [...]

Dear Frank thanks for your great contribution here thanks for indicating where other hards parts can be obtained looks like an excellent design with the JFET in the front end again you may want to look at my comments re a whip maybe applied to other antenna circuits, it could be even better very best Paul Frank Gentges wrote: >Hi, > >Its really not all that hard to build when you see our follow up >material. Some of the follow up material makes it easier. My first >full-up model is still up on my roof working just fine. Go to the AMRAD >web site where we have this follow up material on this antenna and read >the FAQ and parts lists.. See > > > >If you are not buried in the midst of high power AM stations you can >probably go with the J310 JFET and use 12 volts for the power. That >eliminates the heat sink and the very special transistor. In addition, >try a longer whip like 6 or 7 feet. The longer whip will improve the HF >performance but may introduce too much signal in the AM BC band and >cause intermodulation. At least it is worth a try. > >We selected a Signal power transformer and they have since decided not >to sell single units to experimenters. Another company stepped forward >that is willing to do this and we have them in the parts list. > >The Amidon cores are available from Bytemark at > > > >Those are really high permeability cores and you really do need them for >the low frequency coverage. Don't forget to get an extra core and you >can modify your RX320 for LF and VLF. See > > > >We tested 3 modified RX320s and found the modification actually improved >performance slightly at the 10-30 MHz end of the range. We dis not >observe reduced performance as some have mentioned. > >With all these changes the antenna all goes together about the same as >the original article. With the modified RX320 you will have so much >signal in the LF/VLF range that you will need a 10 or 20 dB attenuator >in front of the RX320 to keep the AGC from pumping badly when you are >tuned down there. > >Frank K0BRA > >Joe Strain wrote: > > > >>It's not easy to build. Some parts (a coil or a >>transformer iirc) are expensive and hard to get. I >>have been accumulating parts for the da*n thing for >>years. i gave up and got the best commercial >>equivalent and found it an amzing antenna beating all >>my previous stealth and slinky antennas for apartment >>use >> >> >> >>cost is less than $50.00 has been in service here for >>some time and it's a excellent product >> >>Yodar >> >>--- Tim Heasman <tim at sideswiper.plus.com> wrote: >> >> >> >> >> >>>Hi all, >>> >>>I just found this file whilst looking up active >>>antennas. It looked quite interesting. >>> >>> >>> >>>Happy New Year >>> >>>Tim >>>gm4lmh >>> >>>[Non-text portions of this message have been >>>removed] >>> >>> >>> >>> >>> >>> >> >> >>__________________________________________ >>Yahoo! DSL – Something to write home about. >>Just $16.99/mo. or less. >>dsl.yahoo.com >> >> >> >> >>Yahoo! Groups Links >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> > > > > >Yahoo! Groups Links > ><*> To visit your group on the web, go to: > > ><*> To unsubscribe from this group, send an email to: > RX320-unsubscribe at yahoogroups.com > ><*> Your use of Yahoo! Groups is subject to: > > > > > > > > -------------- next part -------------- An HTML attachment was scrubbed... URL:

“Industries Fear the Ripple Effects of Proposed Postal Service Cuts” – Was the title of the article in by Ron Nixon in the New York Times yesterday. It is a good statement of some of the key issues that are being taken up starting this week in Washington. All sides are lined up to help shape the final outcome. Today ,CCN Money has picked up the story as well. It seems that all eyes are on Congress as they take up the issue of “postal reform.” All this while all the ears are on the Supreme Court as they take up the issue of ‘Obamacare.’ We certainly do live in interesting times. As the pace of change and disruption our world picks up we must expect many more battles in the future to go along with these two.
Congress has begun work on their vision for Postal Reform, if reform is what they really have in mind. All of the various constituencies are lined up on both sides of the issue. Some want more, and others want the USPS to do less. On the plus side are the wine and beer lobbies that want to be able to use the USPS to ship their products, something the USPS is prohibited from doing by law. On the negative side the insurance and banking industries are lined up to ensure that the USPS not move into their fields, as some in Congress has suggested they do to create more revenues.
Like the newspaper business which is also undergoing its own transformation, the USPS is a huge enterprise that employees nearly 600,000. Beyond that the entire direct marketing field, including mailing companies, printers and direct marketers employees over 10 times that amount. This is a big deal, and we need to get it right. As was noted in the article the field supports over $1 trillion in annual economic activity. It helped to put both of my sons through college, so it is still dear to me.
Nearly every business relies on the post office to deliver packages, advertise services and send out bills. This postal supply chain supports millions of American jobs in fields as diverse as banking, agriculture, media and manufacturing. This is an urgent issue since the USPS is losing nearly $36 million a day. As volumes of mail have decreased with former users now going to digital methods of delivery. Even the USPS has said that it does not expect to get those missing volumes back in the future.
The USPS is also saddled with a Congressional mandate to pre-fund future retirements, the only government agency to have to do so, to the tune of $5.5 billion. Relief from this mandate would cut the shortfall in half. A sign that this is a big deal is the nearly $300 million spent over the last three year by those lobbying on all sides of this issue – both the USPS employee unions and industries who work in the direct marketing field.
Postmaster General Patrick Donahoe has proposed closing half of the post offices, approximately 3700 and shutting half of the mail processing centers, 250 there. Both changes, along with stopping Saturday delivery, would also help to bring down the shortfall. In a world that has gotten to email and instant messaging for time vital business and personal communications, there would seem to be some wiggle room for printed mail – derisively called ‘snail mail.’ A big question is how fast do we need to be, especially if we want to price reduction, or at least fewer price increases. And yes, the USPS is also asking for a 50 cent first class stamp.
Postmaster General Donahoe said in prepared testimony. “If Postal Service were a private company, we would be engaged in Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings.” The Senate is beginning the process now, and the House will begin deliberations, probably next month. A key deadline for consideration is May 15, when a moratorium on closing postal facilities will expire.
Currently under consideration is a bill that passed a Senate committee in November that would tap the overpayment of the future retirement benefits, currently at $10.9 billion to pay down postal service debt (to the U.S. Treasury) and use up to $2 billion for incentives to get a number of long term employees to retire. The USPS has also planned to open its own health care for employees in hopes of cutting their costs, but there is pretty widespread opposition to that from Congress and the employees.
The USPS is a legacy system with a long history. Like so many of our other ‘legacy’ systems, including newspapers, they are in deep trouble with the change in the economy in our broadening digital age. Change is great for some, though it sucks for others. I live in both worlds, and yes, I still want things the way they used to be. The question is how much am I willing to pay to have that. We make those choices each day, and we are making those choices now regarding our postal system.
In the face of the current situation I have to applaud Postmaster General Donahoe and his staff, though that is a strange position for me. I prospered under the USPS, and endured a lot of petty regulations as well. They clearly understand where they are today, where the world is going, and have surfaced a plan that will help them to move forward under their current legal and financial burdens. Congress has the keys to open doors for them to endure and preserve the current levels of service many still desire. They also have the keys to the vault and say no more. I compliment the PG for a real and thoughtful plan, and I hope our elected officials will make the right choices. In the face of the coming elections later this year – this should prove to be good theater, and maybe even good politics.

The whole process will involve changing a file in the /system/app section of your device using a root explore app, adding in a new file and mounting the system. Then you need to reboot and install a voice app from the Play Store. If you are already lost then you might just want to sit this one out.
Current Status:
Working:
-It boots!
-searching through the text-box works
-location services work
-info cards work
-notifications work without modifying build.prop
-Voice now works through Jonny_G’s app
Not working:
-Can’t exit the app using the back button on the Google Now ‘Cards’ screen
-Full Jelly Bean voice search
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Devices this will NOT work on:
-Devices that are running anything before Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich
-Devices not running an AOSP ROM (in most cases, try anyway and report back)
Still interested in giving it a test? Ya, we thought you might. We know David already has it up and running on his HTC One S sporting an AOSP build and he says it is working great and is really fast. He already set a calendar event. If you want to give it a go, head over to SilentStormer’s XDA thread for full instructions, required files and to join the discussion.
Source: XDA via Redmond Pie
thanks. i was waiting for a better working version since the last one without voice sucked
I have it running smoothly on my OG Droid Incredible (Abduction ICS rom). Works pretty well, but there are some annoying bugs

Latest entries
BlackBerry OS 10.1 update, more details revealed
The...
AT & T will start shipping the Samsung Galaxy S4 from April 23
Samsung’s Galaxy S4 has been the most well marketed phone so far in 2013, it achieved the highest interest out of any other smartphone , easily beating the likes of Sony Xperia Z and HTC ONE. Naturally this indicates towards a very high sales rate, if not the highest of them all and this automatically...
Viber Finally Launched for BlackBerry OS 5 and OS 7
Recently...
The New Xiaomi MI-2S, faster than the Samsung Galaxy S4!
Usually...
Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Specifications released...
Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Specifications revealed
S...
T-Mobile users rejoice, Galaxy S2 finally receives 4.1.2 Jelly Bean update
T...
Adroid / Android Apps / LG / Samsung
LG Optimus G Pro reaches half a million sales in Korea
L...
Adroid / Android Apps / Android Malware / Mobiles / Samsung
Samsung Galaxy ACE 2 Jelly Bean 4.1 Bean update in progress
Samsung has always been really generous when it comes to updates, they regularly provide updates/fixes etc for their customer which is one of the reasons why Samsung users are so much more happier than others. The Samsung Galaxy ACE 2 seems to the next device in line for Samsung’s latest update and will be receiving Android Jelly......

How to See Satellite Views in Google Maps
Google Maps is one of the widely used online tools in Internet. I've found that there are many Internet users who do not use it to its fullest potential. Apart from exploring street map, you can get satellite map of any geographical location of this planet with the help of this powerful online mapping tool. The way Google Maps Satellite imagery is getting popular among online users, it is not difficult to imagine that one day Google maps will let us to take virtual tours to the surface of distant planets such as Mars or Venus.
How to get Satellite View in Google Maps?
To see satellite images in Google maps you need nothing but a click to a tab called “satellite”. Once you go to and click in the right side tab called “satellite”- Google will start loading the satellite images into your computer. And by clicking the location name or city name specified in the map you can see the satellite view of that place.One thing is to remember is that Google maps is not all about satellite views. In fact there are four types of direction modes available in Google maps , which will give you all the necessary direction on how to reach a particular place. You can get direction for going to a place by the following four means:
- By car
- By public transport
- By walking
- By cycling
For example you want to see the satellite-map view from California Street, San Francisco, CA,USA to California Tennis Club and you want go there by car. For getting a complete satellite view of your area, you need to take a look at the right hand side of your Google map;there you will find a tab called “get direction.” Just below that tab you will see two boxes –‘A’ and ‘B’. In box ‘A’ type the name of the place where you’re right now and on the box ‘B’ type the destination where you want to reach by a car. Additionally, if you want to avoid highways or tolls in your journey, then just click the “option” menu-right below the box B-where you can select an alternate route to avoid any highway or toll in the way to your destination. Next, you click the “get direction box”- grey colored, just below box B.This is all you have to do to get the complete route map including the distances and estimated time required to reach California street.
Note:Google Satellite Maps also provides a complete route guide for going to a place by walking, by public transport or by cycling.
Try out the Satellite View of the Statue of Liberty, New York in the Google Maps Below
Just scroll your mouse forward or keep pressing the "+" mark on the top left to see the Statue of Liberty more clearly.
How old Google Maps Satellite Images are?
There is no difference between Google Earth Satellite images and Google Maps satellite images-both of the tools use the same image database to show you the satellite view of Earth. Normally, the satellite images you see in Google Maps are one to three years old. Though Google is continuously trying to update their collection of image database, they do not provide any information about any their image updates.Only the major changes or updates in Google maps are published at Google‘s official blog:
Access Methods to Google Maps
Whether you want to see Google maps in your PC or mobile phone,you can do so in one of the following ways:
- you can directly go to maps.google.com
- You also can access Google Maps through your phone. Details at
For example, you know latitude and longitude of a place(e.g. 47.771008, -120.41175)and want to find the driving directions for that location from your current position. To find the route map for that place in google maps, you have to write both the long and lat in the “search map” box.Another useful feature that you can take advantage of is to find the latitude and longitude of an area.For that you just need to right click on the map and then click on “what is here”- the coördinate of that place will appear on the search box along with some important photos and details,which will be shown in the left pane of the Google map.
Some Useful Features
- Google maps is not only useful for viewing satellite images of your city, but you can also use it as a means of finding business institution of a place and its vicinity along with finding driving directions. For instance, if you search for any location for a specific business, Google maps will give you all important business listings of that place with phone numbers.
- Google maps have an earth view option, where you can see 3D images from Google Earth superimposed on Maps.
- It can be used to get a complete driving direction information to your destination. You can even select and plan your travel route by entering multiple destination addresses in the Google maps.
- You can use the street view feature of Google maps and navigate within a street of any city to become familiar with the place that you never visited before.
Finally, though many people use Google maps for satellite imagery,it has some outstanding features that are truly useful for travelers such as traffic information and estimated driving cost to a specific destination.All the features of Google Maps are not available in all the countries, you can check if all specified features mentioned in hub is available to your country by going at Map Feature Available in your Country.
This Hub was last updated on November 17, 2011
You can help the HubPages community highlight top quality content by ranking this article up or down.
Follow (1)Comments 11 comments
philipine maps
gurgaon map please
I use Google Maps a lot, especially when traveling. Its amazing how useful it is and it seems to be a great replacement if you don't by a GPS for your car.
Why is there difference between the visual location of a set of coordinates using google satellite or google map.The difference is huge. The satellite location is correct. Why is the map location off by so much (hundreds of meters)
I want see it
ain benian kloudelagrout e 19b
Amrit virk
fotos
sevilla_a47 2 years ago
me gusta

: Volume, Prices Up
Both volume and prices of Westmount real estate surged forward in October, as four houses sold over $2 million including the second-highest-priced sale so far this year.
One upper-Westmount house sold for $3,800,000, but in fact the price was only one percent above its municipal valuation, giving more evidence that many of the higher-pried properties are selling for lower markups than their mid-range counterparts, though this is not always the case.
The average price of 13 homes sold in October was $1,616,923, way up from the average $1,296,556 among nine sales in September, but in fact the average markup was an identical 19 precent for each of the months. For October, the lowest price was $790,000, one of four sales under $1 million. Markups ranged from 1 percent for the $3.8 million house to 42 percent, for one of the houses which sold under $1 million.
It can be said that prices in Westmount have doubled since 2001, and are up more than four times since 1986.
In October there were no condominium sales posted by local agents; the only non-single-family sale was a triplex on Chesterfield Avenue. Things were fairly quiet, too, in adjacent-Westmount with two homes, a triplex and a duplex-type condominium reported, mostly in the Côte des Neiges district just north of the city limits. Volume of sales in adjacent-Westmount is on a pace roughtly similar to last year, though there have been more sales in the Trafalgar-Daulac area this year , and considerably fewer so far in the Shaughnessy Village area.
Some agents have been sensing a slight softening of the market in the past few weeks, but certainly the statistics indicate otherwise.
Posted by andy
October 2011

[Virtue Online] June 12, 2005--The AAC Kentucky Chapter learned that controversial and nationally known religious writer, Bishop John Shelby Spong, has chosen to use his notoriety to bully a parish priest in the diocese of Kentucky for promoting the teaching of the creeds of faith. The Rev J. D. Brown in his role as associate for adult Christian education, at St Francis in the Fields, in Harrods Creek Kentucky, cautioned a reading group against a curriculum that overemphasized controversial writers such as Bishop Spong, and Elaine Pagels. Father Brown indicated in a letter to them that he could only endorse their activities if they balanced their curriculum by including some mainstream writers who argue favorably for the creedal faith. The letter found its way into Spong's hands. He subsequently devoted two pages in his new book to take a priest and a church, not under his ecclesiastical authority, to the "wood shed" in a national forum.

Hello and greetings fellow otaku,
Well with the release of Final Fantasy XIII only 48 hours away, i figured that it would be appropriate to celebrate the release of this new release of this popular series by doing a special edition of Anime Remix Amv Edition. This Final Fantasy Amv features clips from Final Fantasy X tied to the music of Evanescence’s My Immortal.
Granted I wish I had a PS3 so I can play FF XIII, but I can’t afford one at the moment with school and all. But once I graduate from school, I think I will get one and get this and Blazblue!!!!!!! Now that’s an awesome combination. But enough about that, enjoy the video everyone and I will talk to you guys again soon. Ltrs.

Every month on our site, Jo Miller, CEO of Women’s Leadership Coaching Inc., will answer your career and leadership questions in her Ask Jo column. Please send your question to advice@anitaborg.org, and it may be answered in an upcoming column. To read more of Jo’s career advice, visit the Ask Jo archives.
Like most professional careers, your job probably requires you to work with virtual team-members both domestic and international. You can’t afford to focus on working effectively with only those team members that you can see face to face or even with those working in the same country as you. If you maintain “domestic tunnel-vision” you won’t become as productive and successful as you have the potential to be.
I recently interviewed Marie Pettinos on what it takes to thrive as a team-member in a global, virtual and highly diverse workforce. Currently Senior Director of Strategic Business Management at Siemens Healthcare, Pettinos grew up splitting her time between New York and Ireland,. She has since worked in Japan, England and India.
Her role now requires her to lead globally distributed teams that she coaches to break out of their geographic silos and build trust, alignment and accountability in their virtual workplace relationships. Here are what she considers critical skills for being effective as a team-member in a virtual workforce.
Start from a position of trust
“In the past, I have had team-members take an exception to working with virtual peers”, said Pettinos. They would ask “How do we know they’re really working? How do I know that they’re putting as much time into this as I am?”
“The most critical skill is to start from a position of trust,” she advised. “You have to trust that all team members are aligned and working with you on the same objective. Assume that they are there and that they are working. Whether they’re sitting at their desk or sitting on their bed or wherever they’re doing it, they’re actually working.”
Engage remote employees
Whether you are leading a meeting, leading a group or participating as a team member, you need to engage the remote employees. “It often happens that there are teams partially collected in a remote location,” observed Pettinos. “Engage those remote people, first and foremost. Make sure they know that they’re part of the team.”
Effective facilitation of virtual meetings requires being very inclusive. “Start by asking for participation from the people on the phone”, she suggested. “Be very aware, if you’re leading the discussion, to direct your conversation towards the microphone. You’ve probably seen examples where people turn away to look at a whiteboard or screen and without realizing that people on the phone can’t hear them.”
Don’t forget to compensate for your own cultural biases. “Pause and wait for input. In certain cultures within the United States and elsewhere, we’re very quick to talk over somebody to make sure we get our point heard,” Pettinos pointed out. “In some cultures, to be respectful of people’s space and time, they’ll let you finish the sentence before they jump in. Allow people to contribute.”
And don’t always presume that the meeting should be at your convenience. Pettinos recommends being highly sensitive to time zones. “Be flexible. Compromise, and make sure you’re really inclusive of everybody.”
Treat everybody like they are in the room
Finally, your objective as a team-member is to create an atmosphere where everyone can contribute and collaborate fully. “To put everyone on a level playing field, act like everybody is in the room, and that everybody is a key player,”, Pettinos added. “Once you do that, you can actually set the stage for effective collaboration.”
Marie Pettinos was guest speaker in the webinar Working with Virtual and Global Teams, part of Jo Miller’s Emerging Women Leaders webinar series. Join now for immediate access to the webinar.

Invite a friend
Pasadena Senior Activity Center Holiday Craft Show
Pasadena Senior Center, 4103 Mountain Rd, Pasadena, MD | Get Directions »
FREE
Get an early start on your Holiday shopping! Holiday Craft Show sponsored by the Pasadena Senior Activity Center with over 20 local crafters showcasing their handmade needlework, jewelry, crafts & more! Many Silent Auction items, Homemade baked goods, doorprizes, and more! Stop by, say hello, and check out our Center!
Event Details
More About Pasadena Senior Center
Pasadena Senior Center
Pasadena Senior Center is a community center offering a wide range of activities, programs and classes for seniors in the area. The center takes bus trips and offers van transportation services for seniors. It also sponsors lunch events during the week. The center holds a senior health insurance counseling program as well as numerous classes in a wide range of subjects. Check the main site for a schedule of events, or call for details on classes or trips.

Maybe it isn’t because of your race/ethnicity, gender expression, sexual orientation, religion, or weight.
Maybe people don’t like you just because you’re a huge asshole.
“The internet brought us together. There was a fake story in one of the tabloids about a feud or something. We didn’t even know each other so we started talking by email.” - Jennifer Lawrence
Jessica Chastain’s acceptance speech at the 2013 Golden Globes.
(Source: breathinginpairs)
Do you know how you want Blair to end up?
Ya, in a show people go, “I really like you romantically involved with that person” and it sort of influences how you see it and I think how the writers have been seeing it. People like Chuck and Blair together so they’re gonna be like, “We’re going to make them end up together.” I mean, I don’t know, I never get to know what’s happening and they’re keeping it a secret. - Leighton Meester (x)
(Source: listenlikespring)
Favorite Movie Characters
Whoever said orange was the new pink was seriously disturbed.
30 DAYS OF TELEVISION → day 20 → best tv show cast → Breaking Bad

The following clips come from a variety of sources, most involving news features, but a couple, from former client Pasadena Weekly, involve deadline news reporting.
From PC Magazine:
From the Pasadena Weekly:
When news is breaking, not many places will call a freelancer – I got called:
Concerns about a summer heat wave and animals in Humane Society care drove these stories:
From Homeland Protection Professional, a trade magazine for first responders:
Terrorism Early Warning Groups
From Wines & Vines, a trade magazine for winemakers and wineries:
Understanding Currencies for Winemakers

Been down to Brighton Pavilion today to lend a hand.
Its looking very good....the constituency is covered in Green Party posters.
And the Party is increasingly confident of electing our first MP. Caroline is fighting it on a strong left programme of no cuts,
no Trident, troops out of Afghanistan, no ID cards and job creation through a New Green Deal Programme. Taxes on the rich need to go up and we need to stop bowing down to the City of London.
The left in the Green Party are in the strongest position I have seen in my thirty odd years of membership.
Several hundred people have been helping over the bank holiday weekend with canvassing, leafletting, street stalls.
A journalist covering marginal constituencies told us this morning that, the Green Party office in Brighton was the busiest he had seen anywhere in the election so far.
So if you can, come and support. If you support other candidates in other constituencies on the left that's your choice.
However with the threat of three parties committed to neo-liberal policies, in my opinion it is vital to support candidates on the left who can win on thursday.
So spread this message from Brighton and Hove Green Party ''Thank you to everyone who has helped out over BH weekend. If you can help the final push in Brighton on Tues, Wed, Thurs, call 01273 766672'
Salma and Caroline's support for each other is also, I hope you will agree, inspiring.....women leaders lead on left unity.
2 comments:
Anyone who is no Trident and getting troops out has my vote!! Can she run in West Sussex too!!??
On renewable energy, there's not much to choose between the main parties. Interestingly, Gordon Brown revealed in the second of the televised leaders' debates that solar thermal is his favoured green energy - at least in a personal capacity. He chose solar thermal over a wind turbine as a renewable energy installation at his Scottish home. He seems to be very pleased with it, and he recommended it to anyone who is in a position to do likewise.

We have two options to add this question to your site:
1. Add this to
2. Copy and paste it to or your private pages:
SO, I need to get some gifts forr, my mom, dad, grandpa, poppa and friends. Any idea of what i should get them that are relatively cheap? I don't want to spend anymore then $15 on each gift individually. I'm cool with MAKING stuff but i don't have access to a Macy's or Target. 2+'s and stars!!!
Read more about blogging here.

Star news reports that EVA LONGORIA and MARK SANCHEZ have officially called it quits.
That was fast…
Eva Longoria and NY Jets quarterback, Mark Sanchez, are both back in the market again… again.
The “Desperate Housewives” star confirmed she was dating Sanchez, who is 12 years her junior, in a TV interview with Mario Lopez last month, although dating rumors arose as early as summer.
An Us Weekly source revealed about the former couple:
“Mark adores and respects Eva. It really was about scheduling more than anything else. They will remain close friends.”
The source added:
“There was no drama. They just have completely different schedules and lifestyles.”
So who do you think Eva should go date next?
Photo By PR Photos
We'd love to hear your comment but please don't spam, we reserve the right to delete anything which is inappropriate

We knew that, when late January rolled around, there would be a team in Oklahoma City perched around the top of the Western Conference standings. And most would have guessed that there would be a team in Los Angeles in a similar position. But—surprise, surprise—the elite team in L.A. has turned out to be the Clippers, and on Tuesday night on NBA TV, they will square off for Western supremacy against the Thunder at the Staples Center.
It is a meeting worthy of its hype, with (at least) four All-Stars on board, including point guards Chris Paul and Russell Westbrook, plus OKC small forward Kevin Durant and Clippers power forward Blake Griffin. L.A. is at the halfway point on its schedule, and it is time to take this team serious when NBA Finals talk arises. The Clippers have great front-line talent, but they also have enviable depth that has allowed them to withstand the same sort of rash of injuries that hurt them last year.
“You have to think they’re a legitimate contender, it’s not too early to say that,” NBA TV analyst Greg Anthony said Monday morning. “The next question is to figure out whether they can actually win. That’s another thing in and of itself. The Clippers have handled themselves very well. They have dealt with as much injury as anyone in the league, and yet they still find themselves (tied for) the best record in the league. You have to accept that they are one of those teams—and you have to remember they had a pretty good year last year. They beat Memphis in a seventh game (in the first round of the playoffs) on the road. That it pretty impressive. They are going to have confidence, and now they are going to have experience. They are definitely a contender.”
At the midway point, the Clippers ranked fourth in the league in offensive efficiency and third in the league in defensive efficiency. No team in the East ranks in the top 10 in both categories, and only two in the West can make that claim—the Thunder (first offensively, seventh defensively) and the Spurs (fifth offensively and fifth defensively). The Clippers have beaten San Antonio twice this season, with both games coming in November. The only game between the Clippers and Thunder, also in late November, was won in overtime by OKC, but coach Scott Brooks said after that game, “It was like a playoff game in November. Everybody laid it all on the line.”
Now comes the rematch. This is probably a more important prove-it game for the Clippers, and it is one that would be especially handy to win. The Clippers play two of their next three games on the road, then go on a monster eight-game road trip that begins next week.
Still, it is entirely possible that we will see these two teams play again during the postseason in May, and the Thunder are well aware of that. On Tuesday night, matchups and weaknesses that could be important in the playoffs will show themselves.
“The marquee is obviously Chris Paul and Russell Westbrook and how they are able to play against each other,” Anthony said. “But I am also looking at how the Clippers contend and deal with Durant. And I want to see how the benches perform, because those are important elements for both teams. I want to see, too, if you’re going to see a little more of a playoff rotation in this game. And on the Clippers side, I want to see how many rim-runs they can get, how many alley-oops—can the Thunder take that away, can Blake Griffin be effective in that low block, things of that nature.”
The Clippers are at the top of the standings. Now, against the defending West champs, they can prove they belong there.
Join the conversation

The day he accepted the Florida job, Will Muschamp began to hear the comparisons to his mentor, Alabama coach Nick Saban.
They couldn’t be more accurate, especially after Muschamp, in his first SEC Media Days, detailed the strange case of tailback Jeff Demps.
One of the fastest men in the world, Demps left for Europe this summer to run track with the U.S. national team, and there has been non-stop speculation about his departure from the Gators.
“I don’t deal in rumors, I don’t deal in message boards,” Muschamp said.
When asked if he had spoken to Demps, a critical component (along with Chris Rainey) of Florida’s undersized but speedy backfield, Muschamp said he had spoken to Demps on the phone and that he expects him to play at Florida this fall.
That response was followed by this Saban-esque jewel: “He wanted to run with the U.S. team, he wanted to go to Italy. When he comes back, we’re going to reevaluate where he is. I deal with people eyeball to eyeball. And I ain’t never been to Italy.”
If Demps doesn’t return to Florida, the Gators' tailback options would be reduced to scatbacks Rainey, Mike Gillislee and 200-pound redshirt freshman Mack Brown. That’s not a good sign for Charlie Weis’ pro-style offense, which relies heavily on downhill running and play action passing.
Weis thinks Rainey and Demps can each handle 20-plus carries a game and relieve some of the pressure from quarterback John Brantley to constantly make third-and-long plays (see: 2010). Without Demps, the Florida running game is Rainey and two players (Gillislee and Brown) who have battled injuries their entire career.
“We’re going to be balanced on offense,” said Florida wideout Deonte Williams. “We’re excited about where we are offensively.”
Join the conversation

COLLEGE STATION, Texas.
Coach Kevin Sumlin issued a statement: "We are pleased and relieved to find T.J. Our foremost concern is for the health and well being of T.J. I would like to thank everyone for their thoughts, prayers and efforts in locating him.”.
MORE: SEC Power Rankings | Week 12 picks | The emotional, moving story of Duke WR Blair Holliday
Join the conversation

The 2012 NFL Supplemental Draft will take place Thursday. Below is a scouting breakdown of former Baylor wide receiver Josh Gordon, who is expected to be the top player selected.
Also available in the supplement draft are TCU running back Ed Wesley, Boise State DB Quaylon Ewing, Syracuse RB Adam Harris, Iowa State tackle Adrian Haughton, Carson-Newman linebacker Larry Lumpkin, Georgia defensive end Montez Robinson and Midwestern State wide receiver Houston Tuminello.
Selections will be made electronically beginning at 1 p.m. ET.
Teams making a selection will forfeit a corresponding pick in the 2013 NFL Draft.
Josh Gordon
(Vital statistics: 6-3, 220 pound, 4.52 in the 40-yard dash)
STRENGTHS: Gordon's ability to pluck the ball, turn upfield and gain yards after the catch could turn him into an NFL playmaker. While his route running needs work, his ability to use his upper-body strength helps Gordon push off defenders to create separation. Gordon can reach back to catch passes thrown behind him without having to slow, which allows him to quickly get started down the field.
Gordon finds creases after the catch and runs through arm tackles. He turns quick passes behind the line of scrimmage into 10-yard gains and first downs. Gordon has superior speed for his size. This allows him to get downfield separation.
For a player with his physical talent and play-making ability, Gordon surprises with his willingness, effort and production as a blocker.
WEAKNESSES: Gordon was on the verge of being a productive college receiver after a 42-catch sophomore season in 2010, but he was dismissed from Baylor for violating team rules. Gordon was arrested in 2010 on a marijuana possession charge. He sat out the 2011 season when he transferred to Utah. There are questions about Gordon’s maturity and decision making.
Gordon must work on running sharp, precise routes, especially those that require sharp cuts like "out," "dig" and "curl."
In order to take advantage of his acceleration and speed at the NFL level, Gordon must improve his initial quickness off the ball. He has a bad habit of picking up the heel on his back foot at the snap before driving forward, which slows his release.
Gordon must run with a better bend and body lean to release from NFL defenders. In addition, he must wrap up the ball with both hands after catches to avoid fumbling. In the four games graded, Gordon fumbled three times.
BOTTOM LINE: Based on Gordon's 2010 game tape at Baylor, he had better hands and run-after-the-catch ability than Kendall Wright, who was the 2012 NFL Draft's 20th overall pick by the Tennessee Titans. Gordon must improve his routes, but in terms of pure physical skills he has all the tools to be a highly productive NFL receiver.
Gordon is likely to be drafted in the third or fourth round because of his size and potential. Based purely on film evaluation, Gordon is a better prospect than Brian Quick (St. Louis Rams) and Stephen Hill (New York Jets), both of whom were second-round picks in April.
Join the conversation

FOXBOROUGH, Mass.—The Patriots entered the season with enviable depth at tight end, and it appears that could come in handy.
With 6:49 to play in the first quarter of New England’s home opener against the Cardinals, receiver Julian Edelman took a short pass from quarterback Tom Brady on the left side. Tight end Aaron Hernandez was on the outside blocking Arizona defensive back Jamell Fleming when Edelman was tackled, landing on Hernandez’s right ankle as he fell.
The Patriots are only calling it an, “ankle injury” at this point and have labeled Hernandez’s return questionable.
Hernandez, who caught six passes for 59 yards and a touchdown in Week 1, remained on the ground for a few minutes before finally getting up and limping off the field with help from the training staff.
Join the conversation

MDB ACCDB Viewer..
Visit the website for even more information at
What's new
Fixed a crash on 64bit Macs running OS X 10.6.
Full release notes at
Screenshots
Share with Others
- Last changed:
- Mar 14, 2013
- Category:
- Developer Tools
- Developer:
- Jakob Egger
- Version:
- 2.2.3
- Average Rating:
- 4.50 (56)
- Size:
- 7.8 MB

Become a member
© RHS
Bulb
Leaf
H5 (hardy - cold winter)
Blue in Summer
Green in Spring
0.5-1 metres
0-0.1 metre
2-5 years
blue-flowered garlic
Alliaceae
Allium are bulbous herbaceous perennials with a strong onion or garlic scent, linear, strap-shaped or cylindrical basal leaves and star-shaped or bell-shaped flowers in an umbel on a leafless stem
A. caeruleum is a bulbous perennial up to 80cm in height, with narrow leaves often withering by flowering time. Starry blue flowers are borne in compact, rounded clusters in early summer
Suppliers listed in RHS Plant Finder
Award of Garden Merit
Easy to grow in fertile well-drained soil. Add grit when grown in clay soils to improve drainage
Propagate by seed, sowing in containers in a cold frame when just ripe or in the spring. Alternatively, remove offsets in autumn
Cottage/Informal Garden, Flower borders and beds, Cut Flowers or Underplanting of Roses and Shrubs
No pruning required
Generally pest free
Generally trouble-free: Onion white rot and a downy mildew may occur
© The Royal Horticultural Society 2011 / RHS Registered Charity № 222879/SC038262

Roland Martin and CNN’s Ashleigh Banfield talk with Wisconsin State Senator Glenn Grothman about his press release, “Why Must We Still Hear About Kwanzaa?”
Glen is basically saying that people shouldn’t celebrate Kwanzaa b/c the man who founded it was violent and racist.
He got humiliated so bad, especially towards the end.
Roland: Was Christopher Columbus a violent man?
Glenn: *coughs* No he wasn’t
Roland: Columbus wasn’t a violent man? Ok gotcha it’s clearly you don’t study history sir
Where do people like Glenn come from? Who raises people like him? Just go on somewhere.
1 Notes/ Hide
sandrellae likes this
apris1992 posted this

I considered calling this post Falling Short, to soften the blow. But instead decided to go balls to the wall with what I really mean. Failure. How can I stop being afraid of it if I can’t even stop being afraid to say it?
Dylan said, “There’s no success like failure, and failure’s no success at all.” Whatever that means. But I like the sound of it. I feel there is a potential there that I, with my paralytic fear of failure, can’t quite grasp. My dad says your successes can’t exceed 25% of your failures, so get out there and fuck up! (paraphrased) That’s a little more straight forward.
failed to plant succession, harvested too much at once, washed when i shouldn't have, stored wet in the fridge=2 gallons of rotten salad greens
Erica from NW Edibles recently outed the naked, cold fact that they are spending $2,000 to have a chicken coop built for them. Wow, brave girl. I would have hidden that one under my bed for sure. In a locked box. That’s what they invented lies for, Erica.
I’m not mentioning Erica because I think their $2,000 chicken coop represents failure. Please don’t misunderstand! It’s dangerous ground we tread here. But she lays bare her feelings of falling short of that shiny Urban Homesteader Ideal, and I know just what she means. I know how life can lead you on a crazy circuitous path, which cannot be traveled backwards, and then deposit you *BAM* where you least expected to end up. Picking yourself up, dusting off and finding a way to keep on is the stuff of saints as far as I’m concerned. Or beetles.
Myself, when fear of failure or the associated guilt of transgression hits, I can sometimes be completely incapacitated. I’ve abandoned many a project when the first failures start rolling in, or even just because failure lurked around the next bend. And that ain’t no good, no how.
Maybe it’s just me. One of my little Issues. But I’ve been fascinated by my crippling fear of failure and it’s many reprecussions throughout my life.
Long, loooong ago, when I worked as a “handler” for a dog musher back in Alaska, it was my job to run the dogs every day. Riding a dog sled, particularly on a low snow winter like that one was, is a skill that took me months to even get an edge on. I had a little epiphany on one of the many occasions that I was being dragged behind the tipped over sled (never, never let go of the sled), face down over the fast moving snow. I realized that when the sled went round a corner, I needed to lean in to the curve. But instead my fear of the speed made me lean outward, in a visceral desire to abandon the sled. Leaning out on a curve tips the sled over. Simple physics.
I don’t believe, as some do, that your thoughts somehow energistically manifest into your life to create what you want or fear. But my sled epiphany made me see how fear drives me to act in a certain way, a fearful way, that sometimes causes the very thing I fear to happen. It’s not magic, it’s logic. With a heavy dose of irony.
i loved this lemon tree. then i forgot to water it. for several months. now it's dying, covered with tiny lemons, and dying. damn me!
In addition to the negative of sabotaging our efforts, there’s a big, important positive to failure. Nothing is more instructive. Imagine if you refused to let your kid play with pen and paper until they could write a perfect ‘A.’ Obviously kids have to practice a lot before they learn to write, and ‘practice’ means fucking around with a pen and paper. Each distinct failure teaches us so many, many things that simple success can never offer.
The trick to abolishing our fear of failure and embracing it instead as our benificent teacher (a trick that I have failed to learn as of yet) is not to let our every action define us. Isn’t that what I strive to teach my kids? You may do a mean thing to a friend, that doesn’t make you a mean person. You may fail to consume all the cases of marmalade you so eagerly sliced, cooked and canned last year and instead have to dump them down the drain to free the jars for other purposes (ahem) but that does not mean you are a failure.
Another point which must be sharpened is that a lot of what we perceive as “failure” is actually only failure to live up to an impossible fantasy of perfection. Take Erica and her coop. Some part of her might feel that she has failed to be the uber-cool urban homesteader who does everything herself on a shoestring budget. But in fact, all she has done is prioritize her time. There’s a limited quantity of it, don’t you know.
Actually you might not know. I’m not sure whether I really do. The capitalist system and our unleashed advertising industry has worked very hard to make us believe that there are no such limits. This is really a whole post of it’s own that has lay dormant in my mind for months. I believe it affects every aspect of our lives and I have much too much to say about it. But, relevant to this subject, they saturate us with the unspoken premise that there are no limits, no need to choose priorities, you can have it all! (just sign here).
There follows a seemingly reasonable equation: If ‘all’ is possible, and I can’t achieve ‘all,’ I failed.
I assure you, it’s the equation that’s at fault!
Even though I understand this well with my intellect, that deeper core of my brain that advertising plugs straight into still Believes. And suffers the all the guilt, shame, and fear.
It’s really a lot of what this blog has ended up being about for me. Confronting the impossible expectations we are suffused with. Attempting to slowly erase the 33 years (and counting) of culture telling me I can and should have it all. Teasing out the important bits from the hectic hairball of modern life, making my priorities, and fighting back the scaly beasts of disillusionment, guilt and failure.
Back to the cave with you, foul creatures!
Beloved Boo (once again),
If I could be there to give you a hug, I would. If I could be there to show you a photo of me hanging (literally) from the rafters after a night of full-bore indiscretion (not a good image I know) I would. And why? Cause A) I love outing myself so that no one, no one, no one, will ever take my life history as being neat and B) Cause messiness and failure is part of the journey.
Holy crap girl. What you think? Even those who look like they got their shit together don’t. Or, if they do, it took a good measure of facing off with the folly of ego, self righteousness and plan old fashion head-up-the-ass-ism.
We are all broken creatures trying to find truth in a system that suggests success as some consequence of good choices. That’s a lie. We have all had a cookie dangled in front of our faces — this life, safe life, good life if you make the right choices. Ha.
Fact is, we are all round and soft spirits in a linear and harsh world and it can (and has) made life way confusing. We are all working to undo that capitalist narrative (and you are right to intuit a huge thorn there). We are all banging our heads against that system with some of us are more willing to admit it. The gig is up though.
So when you tell us that you tossed the marmalade down the sink you open a hole in everyone else’s precious stories so they, too, can come out and say….What the hell is this life really about? How do we live up in here? And then we get to talk for real like.
Yes, there is beauty. Lots of it. But I’m here to tell you there is lots and lots of failure. I’m pushing 60 and there is still a whole lot of failure out there, in here, and all around. But like Ram Dass says….”You never get rid of your demons you just invite them in for tea.” Good one that. Too bad you got rid of your marmalade cause I hear demons like it with a spot of toast.
So breathe and accept the brokeness. You will never outrun it. And ignore Dylan. He is a wordsmith but can be full of shit like the rest of us. Besides, ever since he did that Victoria Secret ad I have had a few well chosen words for him. Like…..yeah you don’t want to be a cultural icon but do you have to be a sell out to prove it? But then we go way back. I’ve had a crush on him since I was 15 and used to think he was actually saying something important. Too bad for him I’m turning my gaze to Leonard Cohen – a wordsmith you can still trust.
I should have known.
My top three songwriters: Dylan, Leonard Cohen, and Ani DiFranco.
I know Dylans full of shit, but my can he turn a phrase.
Hang in there girl! “Just keep swimming….”
Ah, sweet, sweet, nasty arsed failure.
I bought a fucking hair straightener today. It came in the pack with a hair dryer. Cos I didn’t have a hair dryer. I don’t know what to do with either of them.
Enuf said?….
(Harriet, if you want a sweet man to listen to, may I suggest Xavier Rudd? He’s a gentle, sweet man, with many musical talents. Google, youtube-ify, and enjoy.)
Loved your failures! Not so that I could point and laugh, but because they’re so like mine.
I have about a decade on you, but I remember my ephiphany moment – the day I realized that my failures were not something to run from, but well earned tuition.
Sometimes I need a swift kick in the rear end to remind me to do something better. Othertimes I need that kick to tell me to back off and slow things down. Either way, it’s a cosmic wake-up call and I’m finally, finally listening. :)
Thanks for letting me know others struggle with fear of failure. My blogging is haphazard b/c I often spend way to much time worry if a post sucks or what people will think. I end up frozen by the fear of failing at blogging of all things. :)
Nice to remember to not let it paralyze me. Can’t learn without fucking up a few times. When we are kids we get that but when we are adults we just seem to think we should be perfect at all times.
Now if I can just take that feeling of empowerment with me.
Oh, the $2000 I can cop to. It’s the unending frustration bordering on resentment that’s growing for my sweet infant son who will not go the fuck to sleep. At all. Not for naps, not at night. 8 months of sleep deprivation and I am about to lose my mind. But that’s just between us. Can’t put that on *my* blog, it wouldn’t be relevant. ;)
I did feel guilt over paying for the convenience of someone else building the coop. You have it exactly right: the *image* of DIY Urban Homesteady Girl isn’t: hey, here’s some money to fix my problem (lack of coop). It’s, “Hey, I can tackle anything! I’m capable, I’m competent! I can do it all by myself!” And that’s just not reality.
I try to remind myself that a problem that can be fixed by throwing money at it, assuming you have the money to do so, isn’t a problem at all. It’s just an expense. Cancer is a problem, addiction is a problem, laying on the floor sobbing because you’re beyond exhausted and you’re so pigheaded that you keep trying to keep going, even though your brain hasn’t had quiet time for 8 months…well, that’s *my* problem.
$2000 is just bartered time.
If you figure out how to get through to yourself and stop trying to do it all, will you please, please tell me?
Great post, per usual.
Erica,
We need to talk. About babies, and not so much babies anymore, and sleeping and not so much sleeping. I’d direct you to my archives, but I hear you’ve already read them all ;)
I may have missed a few. I spent a good several afternoons on my ass on the couch with your blog but you’ve been at this for awhile; there’s material here. May have missed a month or two. Got a specific post (posts) I should check out?
Once at a monastic retreat, I was very worried about screwing up the amazingly fussy and precise Zen rituals we were going to be doing the next day. I had only recently been lay ordained and though I had my robes, bowls, etc- all the trappings of spiritual materialism, I didn’t have my head very squared away yet.
I diminished myself as only a sort of “home-school” Buddhist from small-town Alaska, and was in the midst of real deal big wigs in brown robes and was really afraid of messing up big time. I told the director.
She said: “look, as a Buddhist, you know that all things are; impermanent, interconnected, and imperfect. Anytime you do anything for the first time, it’s going to be a little rough- even after doing something a zillion times you can still screw up.”
“Whatever it is- just do the best you can with what you got at the time where you are. It’s all you can ever do. Embrace your awkwardness.” she said with a little exasperation. (I think that’s a kind zen paraphrase of “suck it up, cupcake!”)
Anyhow “Embrace your awkwardness” has been a very helpful, as is the (obvious) knowledge that nothing is ever perfect. Though sometimes it takes some VERY big arms to embrace my awkwardness….. Besides, if we waited to be perfect before doing anything, nothing would ever get done.
I went through some of our readings and found one that kind of speaks to this. I’ve attached it below.
All the best, I love your blog posts.
K
Saying Yes to an Open Heart
Diana Winston- Buddhadharma, Summer 2010 Zen, time after time, you learn to say yes. Yes to your jagged breathing, yes to your itchy scalp. Yes to the chainsaw dude across the street, yes to your grief and pain and shame and grandiosity and fear. Not because you want to act on these things, but because they’re true, and fleeting, and simply part of who you are at the moment (but not even the half of who you really are). Your nervous system begins to relax- at last you’re acknowledging the truth of things.
Saying yes means attending to and surrendering to your experience, whatever it is. It means feeling your body when you’re in the midst of a strong reaction or emotion, and letting whatever you find simply be there. It means coming back to your breath, or this present moment, again and again. It means noticing that thoughts and feelings and sensations come and go.
You say yes to your pride, your stupidity, your murderous rage. Naturally you don’t act on you murderous rage, but you allow it to be true within you. It is a very inclusive practice. Nothing is ever left out.
You discover that if you are pushing away your experience, even ever so slightly, you mindfulness is not fully realized, no is say no. “Oh, Jeez,.
Hey Kelly! Great to get a comment from you. Great essay too. This open heart stuff is where it’s at, but oh so hard to pull off regularly…
Ken Robinson did a good speech in which he talked, amongst other things, about the value of failure. It’s called Do schools kill creativity, look it up on YouTube. He’s not a homeschooling guy or anything like that, just saying it like it. He’s talking about the British schooling system but making a very serious point about The importance of failure, as part of the learning curve. I really like what he has to say about education. Oh by the way, I used the quote, thank you! Have a looksey over at Feet on the Ground and Head in the Clouds.
Erica- My boy did not sleep for 8 months either – at all, or only in two hour slots. Drove me nuts but it did change and he became utterly adorable and self sufficient. Just wasn’t a sleeper. It will get better.
Kylie -Thanks, anyone with a sweet gentle nature is worth listening to.
Stringz – Current issue of Oregon Humanities Magazine is on Failure. Might make for good reading.
As so often is the case, so much good chewable brain food over here. Thanks!
Great post, same stuff that’s been going through my head lately too… this Urban Homesteading Ideals business.
As per the chickens thing, I wrote on Sharon Astyk’s recent blog post, chickens are the ultimate urban homesteading ‘accessory’, aren’t they, and they are integral & seemingly essential in many ways. Yet, we are waiting til get ours, til we have time & energy to look after them properly, but I tell you, we won’t be building our own house/ coop after all… same as Erica, we idealised it, we even have some resources, but we don’t have the time or the skills. Erica did a great thing though, in outsourcing to someone who needs the money & the job. In the mean time, I am going to buy local eggs, organic fertilisers and be amused by my children’s antics instead of chickens… and the world will be OK!
I don’t think you need a hug, I think you need a high five! Good on you, for having the guts to throw out the marmalade and know that maybe you don’t need so much next time around. It’s something I deal with… I don’t want to waste anything, I *should* be making the most of an abundance BUT if in the end, I may have wasted energy, resources and my own time to preserve something that gets thrown out anyways. How to know, though, that’s the trick and the skills I am gaining now (hopefully) as a wannabe urban homesteader. And remind myself how lucky I am to be in a position to make mistakes…
Fantastic post and great comments! Failure…yikes, the fear of failure.
When I get down to it most of my “stuff” is connected to a fear of failure is some way, shape or form.
Staying in a job that sucks my soul for one.
Like Erica mentioned, I’m pigheaded- I will struggle and agonize and try to figure out anyway to do it ourselves- to the point of making myself bonkers. And with some things, it just makes me miserable. It loses the joy. If it causes so much angst is it even worth it?
….heres my great fear… that I’m not even trying to do amazing stuff and still I can’t keep up…just as I sort-of, kind-of get one basic thing in hand, say dinner, theres always some other disaster or three to trip me over (literally). All I want is to have an abundent backyard, clean home (full of beautiful, me made wonderful things), be trim, fit and healthy, have some time with the fella, time with the kidlets, time for books… But as soon as one thing has a tick, the others start smelling, yelling, dieing… Yep, my fear is that what I want is simple but that I just don’t have …. what ever it takes to have it.
Thanks again for the eloquent philosophising. I keep wondering how this gift you have can A) reach as broad an audeiuence as possible and B) give back to you (in dare i say it, a monetary way). It would be great to have a class / group / forum for parents where you could facilitate these kinda discussions … compulsory for all would be parents of course (but they wouldn’t get it yet would they?). “HOw to love failure and your new child”. Catchy huh? This would of course happen in your free evennings….
Katj
I’ve been told this in studying yoga, but I’ve seen it in many venues of life…a certain amount of tension that is necessary in order to sustain life. It is that very tension that maintains the balance. If there is no challenge, you lose muscle tone. You lose inspiration. Those challenges and potential failures are what keep us learning.
I’ve been on both sides of it. I’m an ambitious person by nature, usually striving for something. But I’ve also had a period of life where I had many things organized just as I wanted them. Or at least, as I thought they should be…and there was a certain limpness to it. I had blocked out a lot of things that weren’t as I wanted them to be because I couldn’t change them. In the end, I had to open up to the stuff that I hadn’t dared to do, even if it meant giving up some of what I thought I was supposed to be/do/have. And it has turned out to be true. So rewarding.
…I guess the point is to stay in that precious, precarious spot, right on the crest of the wave… and sometimes you pitch head over heels and get tumbled in the surf. You land on the beach with salt water in every orifice, coughing. But that’s ok. You’re really not much worse for the wear and besides, all waves end up back at the beach anyway, no matter how you get there. Hahaha, who knew it wasn’t a destination but an endless cycle. Advertising would have us think otherwise. Like getting in shape. As if you were going to “get there” and it was going to last. :) Apparently it’s not about achieving perfection but the humble, ongoing act of striving.
Hmm, is it bad etiquette to leave comments on older posts?
I look forward to the day that “limits” post finishes cooking and oozes out of your brain- or more realistically is carefully and skillfully sculpted- (unless I’ve missed it and am completely showing my sloppy reading skills just now). I spend a lot of my brain power mulling over a lot of those very same ideas. I second-guess my own eloquence into oblivion, so the thoughts don’t produce much more than “nnmeeeee…baaaaaaaad….” when I try to voice them. You’ve got your voice much more sorted out, it seems. (“Work for my entertainment!” said the stranger on the Internet.)

Roland Martin and CNN’s Ashleigh Banfield talk with Wisconsin State Senator Glenn Grothman about his press release, “Why Must We Still Hear About Kwanzaa?”
Glen is basically saying that people shouldn’t celebrate Kwanzaa b/c the man who founded it was violent and racist.
He got humiliated so bad, especially towards the end.
Roland: Was Christopher Columbus a violent man?
Glenn: *coughs* No he wasn’t
Roland: Columbus wasn’t a violent man? Ok gotcha it’s clearly you don’t study history sir
Where do people like Glenn come from? Who raises people like him? Just go on somewhere.
1 Notes/ Hide
sandrellae likes this
apris1992 posted this

Q. I have been experiencing yeast infections at least once every month. I also have vaginal bacterial infections but not one of the sexually transmitted diseases. For months I've taken cleocin for the bacteria, Flagyl for the yeast and have switched my oral birth control pills, but to no avail. This last visit my doctor prescribed a higher dose of Flagyl and said for my husband to take some, too. And if it comes back to go see her again. What can I do?
A. Sorry that you are having such a frustrating experience. But you may have hit upon the right approach. Yeast infections are common and seem to be increased in women who are taking birth-control pills. If this is a problem that started not long after you began taking the pills, finding another form of birth control may help.

Many of the programmers, engineers and developers we talk to have a secret that they don't reveal until they know people pretty well. No, I'm not talking about the complete set of Star Wars playing cards they have stashed in the basement or the Rush LPs they haven't gotten around to trading in yet. I'm talking about Legos.
You remember Legos, those infinitely malleable blocks that children around the world use to construct everything from tiny towers to life-size towers. Perhaps because these toys leave so much to the imagination, they've captured the imagination of a generation of tech workers. The appearance of Lego in Douglas Copeland's novel Microserfs, set on the Microsoft corporate campus, is one example of how pervasive it is.

Oct. 5
"I believe that at this time I can be more effective in a decisive role to help elect other true public servants to office — from the nation's governors to congressional seats and the presidency."
— Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin, the 2008 GOP nominee for vice president, on why she's not entering the 2012 presidential race

When the clutter prevented her from opening the door to her son's
bedroom, Laura Wasilowski decided to do something about it. So, she
created a quilt.
Titled "Gus Cleans His Room," the whimsical wall quilt features a
giant vacuum outside the bedroom window sucking everything out of the
room.
Wasilowski says her work is unique because there is a story behind

Federal thrift regulators on Monday rejected the $3-billion sale of Columbia Savings & Loan's junk bond portfolio to a Canadian-led partnership, all but guaranteeing the thrift will be seized by regulators.
In their unprecedented action, regulators with the Office of Thrift Supervision said the deal as currently structured carried undue risks for Columbia and taxpayers, and could violate last year's thrift bailout law. They asked the Beverly Hills thrift to seek new bids, and OTS Director Timothy Ryan said in a statement that he hopes additional bids "will result in a proposal that we can quickly approve."

GEORGETOWN, Ky. - Individually, the players of the 1972 U.S. Olympic men's basketball team have long moved on, but as a unit they are among the most interesting in amateur or professional sports history. They were not only the first U.S. men's basketball team to lose a game after the Americans had gone 63-0 in the Olympics, but they also left Munich without their silver medals around their necks.
For the first time since that controversial, 51-50 loss to Russia in the '72 championship game, all 12 players are together.
This weekend they are having a reunion, and they remain united in one simple fact - the players still have no interest in picking up the medals.

Richard Dukes, 74, a North Philadelphia deli owner and businessman who worked to combat urban violence as a founding member of the group Men United for a Better Philadelphia, died Wednesday, Nov. 14, of a stroke at Temple University Hospital.
Mr. Dukes was born Arnold Samuel Smith on Dec. 8, 1937. He began using the name Richard Dukes about 15 years ago.
For about six years, Mr. Dukes operated Dukes Deli, a variety store in the 2500 block of Lehigh Avenue. He closed the business about three years ago.

Edward Clark Wright and his family are relieved and grateful to be alive in their California home, as stumped investigators in Fort Lauderdale try to solve a mysterious airplane shooting that slightly injured Wright.
The Wrights were passengers on USAir Flight 4343 on Sunday. Just before landing at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport at 1:40 p.m., a bullet ricocheted through the cabin, grazing Wright`s scalp.

MIAMI — A city police officer was arrested and two others suspended on Monday in connection with the shooting of a homeless man on June 26 in Coconut Grove.
Officer Rolando Jacobo, 37, was charged with falsifying a report on the incident, in which fellow Officer George Castello, 28, shot Daniel Hoban in the leg.

INDIANAPOLIS — So why are the Boston Celtics suddenly looking so reinvigorated?
According to Philadelphia 76ers coach Doug Collins it is because they see a vulnerable potential impending opponent in the Miami Heat.
In the wake of Wednesday's 107-91 home loss to the Celtics that lifted Boston to a 2-1 lead in that best-of-seven Eastern Conference semifinal series, Collins said Boston appears to be revived amid the Heat's loss of All-Star power forward Chris Bosh with a lower-abdominal strain.

Karbonn has expanded its Android-based handsets portfolio in India with the launch of Karbonn A9.
Karbonn A9 is powered by a 1GHz processor and runs on Android 2.3.6 Gingerbread. It also includes dual-SIM capability (GSM + GSM) making it another contender in low-cost, dual-SIM Android market. The smartphone has the functionality to allow users to use both the number simultaneously.

TAMPA — From the convention stage here, the Republican Party has tried to highlight its diversity, giving prime speaking slots to Latinos and blacks who have emphasized their party’s economic appeal to all Americans.
But they have delivered those speeches to a convention hall filled overwhelmingly with white faces, an awkward contrast that has been made more uncomfortable this week by a series of racial headaches that have intruded on the party’s efforts to project a new level of inclusiveness..”

The Prince William Board of County Supervisors is expected to vote Tuesday to eliminate the county’s internal auditor department and outsource the work to a contractor, a move that critics charge would deprive the county of an internal, independent watchdog.
In a strongly worded memo, the county’s auditing department said the plan would undercut the county’s credibility and bring in outsiders who are not familiar with the complicated workings of the government, which has an operating budget of $914 million.
“The public should be able to have confidence that there is a genuinely independent internal audit function,” read the memo, which was obtained by The Washington Post.
If the job is outsourced, “taxpayers will never be able to count on learning the truth about what may be going wrong in the county.” The memo also said the plan “would give taxpayers the impression of a county’s desire to not shed light on potentially embarrassing audit findings that could also look bad to regulators or rating agencies.”

Purchase Art
You have requested to purchase this item. Please enter your address and contact information below. When you click "Next", you will be directed to PayPal, where you will be asked to log into your PayPal account. Once you are on the PayPal site, you can log into your own PayPal account to pay for this item. If you do not have a PayPal account, you will also have the option to pay with a credit or debit card.
After logging into your PayPal account OR entering in your credit/debit card information, you will be taken to a summary of your purchase where shipping will be calculated based on the address information you filled out below.

Turkey is a modern, secular democracy occupying an ancient, complicated land. At the crossroads of Europe, Asia and the Middle East, the region has been traversed, conquered and fought over by many diverse groups. Today, it is still an incredibly popular place – not for conquest, but for travel. People come to this country of 69 million (approximately 10-20 percent of whom are ethnic Kurds) to marvel at some of the richest archeological sites in the world, including impressive Greek amphitheaters, Roman temples, Byzantine churches, and castles built by Seljuks and Crusaders. They also come for the natural wonders – the golden beaches, turquoise (the word comes from "Turk") waters and spectacular coastline of the Aegean and Mediterranean; the honeycombed stone towers of Cappadocia; the white mineral pools of Pamukkale; the mountains of Eastern Anatolia and the green hills of the Black Sea coast. Istanbul is a major destination in its own right, a unique combination of East and West, ancient and modern. It has been the capital of three empires (Roman, Byzantine and Ottoman). In addition to all of these compelling places, Turkey has amazing food, friendly people, beautiful handicrafts and sprawling bazaars – it's easy to understand why the country never fails to leave visitors wanting more.
Travel in Turkey
Visitors to Turkey journey through time and fall under the spell of a kaleidoscope of sights and traditions. Our travelers retrace the glories of ancient civilizations (Hittite, Greek, Roman, Selcuk), learn about the old Turkic tribes wandering the steppes of Central Asia, and marvel at the achievements of the Ottoman Empire. Visitors also experience the often surprising modernity of Turkish cities where a complex mosaic of layered cultures and civilizations are merged, symbolically represented by the tile-covered mosques next to ancient churches, synagogues and the remains of Roman temples. Landscapes also differ incredibly: Huge rivers flow through the immense plains of Anatolia; the Black Sea is the largest oxygen-free marine system; and massive mountains meet olive, fig and pistachio groves on the rugged Mediterranean coast. This hugely diverse country offers vast history and artistic treasures, grandiose vistas, and traditional ways of life quietly coexisting with modern ones. There is much more to Turkey than history and architecture, however, and Artisans of Leisure's travelers experience it all: cosmopolitan Istanbul, shopping for wonderful local goods such as kilim rugs and beautiful glassware, relaxing at upscale seaside resorts, sailing on the sea, and enjoying Turkey's incredible cuisine.
Turkish cuisine, one of the world's greatest, is definitely one of the highlights of any trip. The country's varied geography provides an abundance of produce – tomatoes, eggplants, zucchini, olives, figs, grapes – as well as meats and fish. The main staples are skewered and roasted meats, and the cuisine emphasizes freshness of ingredients and simple cooking techniques. Classic recipes deeply influenced by Ottoman imperial cuisine incorporate seasonings like dill, mint, sweet spices and yogurt, which is also a common side condiment. Breakfast typically consists of fresh tomatoes, white cheese, black olives, preserves and freshly baked bread. Meals commonly start with mezeler, or appetizers, such as roasted eggplant, salads, manti (tiny stuffed pasta), pickles, stuffed fish, pilaf rice in grape leaves, and kofte (lamb meatballs). Also, fragrant breads and freshly baked pide (Turkish pizza) are well worth trying. Desserts are often stuffed with dried nuts and flavored with rose water and saffron. Sweets are served with Turkish coffee – the country is credited with the spread of the beverage in Europe. Turkish tea, often apple-flavored, is served in small tulip-shaped glasses, and drunk throughout the day. Light beers, wines and the anisette flavored raki ("lion's milk") are common alcoholic drinks.
Turkey is also a wonderful shopping destination. Contemporary and ancient designs are combined with traditional techniques to create beautiful products. Stroll through the bustling bazaars, arastas (shop-lined streets) and bedestens (covered markets) of Istanbul, Bursa, Izmir, Ankara, Cappadocia, Konya and the towns along the Mediterranean. Shop for handmade jewelry, textiles, copper and brass-ware, leather goods, intricate silk carpets and colorful kilims (flat-woven rugs). Turkish ceramics and Iznik tiles (as seen decorating mosques and traditional Turkish baths). Ceramics and glassware are often modeled on 17th and 18th century original designs. Avanos, a town in Cappadocia, is well known for a strong tradition in pottery, produced since antiquity using the clay from the nearby Red River (Kizilirmac). Collectors can shop for quality antiques, including Oriental rugs and more rustic Turkish kilim, while gourmets will find wonderful spices (saffron is still hand-harvested) and beautiful housewares.
RECOMMENDED LUXURY TOURS TO TURKEY
Our recommended luxury tours of Turkey include cosmopolitan destinations such Istanbul and Izmir, the underground cities and rock formations of Cappadocia, the mineral pools of Pamukkale, the ruins of Aspendos, Ephesus, and Pergamon along the Mediterranean, and luxury beach resorts in Bodrum and Antalya. Our itineraries include the highlights of the country, but we are happy to customize more off the beaten track tours elsewhere in Turkey to suit individual travel interests.
Tours in Istanbul
When in Istanbul, we like visiting the highlights and the more off the beaten path attractions. Built on seven hills and divided into the Old City, the New (European) City and Asian Side, Istanbul’s districts are separated by the waters of the Bosphorus and the Golden Horn and connected by bridges and ferries. In Sultanahmet, Istanbul's oldest district, visit mosques and palaces, museums and minarets. Explore the Blue Mosque and nearby Turkish and Islamic Art Museum, the imposing Aya Sofya, the Underground Cistern (Yerebatan Saray) and the Hippodrome (anciently the political heart of the city), the jewels and beautiful tile-covered harem at Topkapi Palace (sultans' palace), the bustling Grand Baazar and the Egyptian (Spice) Market. Also visit lively Taksim, the heart of the modern city, and Beyoglu, where "old Istanbul" meets the modern and secular city. Formerly a posh district of European embassies and boutiques along the famed Grand Rue de Pera (today's Istiklal Caddesi), it is again a center of cultural activities amid restored covered passageways, coffeehouses and stores. The Western districts offer traditional Islamic, Christian and Jewish heritage. Visit the Church of St. Saviour in Chora (also known as Kariye Mosque or Museum) whose splendor matches Aya Sofya. Stroll around quaint Phanar (Fener), a traditional Greek district and site of the Christian Orthodox Church, and Cukurcuma, known for small antique shops and second-hand bookstores. Cukurcuma is also a centre of avant-garde culture. Leave the city center and relax at Emirgan, famous for seaside cafes, the large park and Ottoman pavilions, and Tarabya, an old settlement around a beautiful bay. Explore the quaint Princes Islands and perhaps bike around beautiful houses and landscaped gardens while enjoying wonderful views. Upon request, a private yacht charter on the Bosphorus can be arranged.
Interesting day trips from Istanbul include Bursa, the first capital of the Ottoman Empire, across the Marmara Sea from Istanbul. Explore its tiled architecture and wooden houses, covered bazaars and antique shops, pleasant gardens, silk (silk-cocoon markets are in June and September) and textile markets, and excellent restaurants. Also visit nearby Iznik (anciently Nicaea) to shop renowned ceramics. A full-day excursion to Troy is also possible.
Our preferred luxury hotels in Istanbul are the Four Seasons
Hotel at Sultanahmet
(located in the historic district), the exclusive Four Seasons Hotel at the Bosphorus, the Park Hyatt Istanbul, and the Ciragan Palace Hotel, a legendary property overlooking the Bosphorus.
Tours in Cappadocia
Cappadocia, with traditional villages and communities scattered around a unique landscape of "fairy chimneys," is one of the highlights of any trip to Turkey. Eroded rock formations, ancient underground cities and fresco-covered churches in caves make up this region’s otherworldly topography. Visit Urgup and Goreme, where homes, churches, stores, hotels and restaurants create a fascinating and slightly surreal moonscape. Many of these structures are literally carved from conical mounds or caves. Explore Derinkuyu's Underground City for the largest remains of troglodyte living in the area (the lowest accessible level at a depth of 180 ft) and Kaymakli Underground City for its impressively well developed public spaces (tunnels, galleries, chapels, wells). Cappadocia also offers interesting shopping. In Urgup, Ortahisar and Goreme there are impressive rugs (often natural dyes – black, brown and ivory) covered with simple patterns, while the region surrounding Avanos is well known for pottery and ceramics. One of the most exciting ways to see Cappadocia is from a hot air balloon and, in the summertime, private excursions can be arranged. For those particularly enchanted by the fairy chimneys, Artisans of Leisure can arrange for a private meal by candlelight in one of the area’s many caves.
In Cappadocia we recommend traditional-style "cave hotels" such as Cappadocia Cave Resort and Spa.
Tours in Ankara
Ankara, deep in the heart of Anatolia's plain, is Turkey's capital as well as its political, administrative and cultural center. Beside opera, music and performing arts venues-catering mostly to foreign diplomats and Turkish politicians-it also has several prestigious universities. Although often overlooked by travelers, we recommend spending at least a few hours, on the way to or from Cappadocia, to visit the Museum of Anatolian Civilizations with its amazing archaeological collections inside a 15th century caravanserai; the important Ataturk Mausoleum, the colorful Old Town, and the Roman ruins of Angora. Ankara also has some interesting shopping opportunities, including unique rugs, ceramics, jewelry, and Angora wool accessories.
Tours in Konya
Ancient Konya, between Cappadocia and Antalya, is the center of the fascinating Sufi cult of the whirling dervishes. Visit the very interesting Mevlana Museum and Tomb of Mevlana Celaleddin and explore rug and antique stores.
Tours on the Mediterranean Coast
Around the resort towns of Side and Antalya are some of Turkey's best preserved Roman ruins. Side, Aspendos and Perge are especially famous for their amphitheaters, and the hilltop ruins of Termessos offer outstanding views of the surrounding mountains and Mediterranean Sea beyond. Along the rugged coast of pine forests are small towns and villages with charming marinas, outdoor cafes, and quaint shops with antiques, copper goods, rugs and ceramics. Walk cobblestone streets in Kas and Kalkan, amid whitewashed houses and colorful geraniums. Learn about Santa Claus and sail to sunken cities around Kale. Admire Lycian tombs carved on the side of the mountain around Fethiye. Marmaris, stretching along the oceanfront, has an attractive marina and a big covered bazaar. Shopping options include jewelry, rug, ceramic, and leather artifacts.
Our recommended hotels in Antalya are the Mardan Palace Hotel, the Kempinski Dome Hotel or the Sheraton Voyager Antalya.
Tours in the Aegean Coast
The region stretching from Bodrum to Canakkale offers upscale resort towns. Bodrum has a beautiful yacht harbor and marina, ancient ruins, whitewashed residential villages, fine restaurants, and seaside markets. Cesme is a charming resort town offering good shopping for jewelry, rugs, and leather clothes. Izmir, the old fabled Smyrna, is a modern city of leafy boulevards and good shopping (jewelry and leather goods) in its large bazaar and upscale promenade. Kusadasi, a lively port town, makes a wonderful homebase from which to visit the splendid ruins of Ephesus and Pergamon.
Our recommended hotels on the Aegean Coast include the Swisshotel Izmir and the Aman Resort in Bodrum.
Artisans of Leisure uses the best local guides throughout Turkey. Our itineraries create a true luxury experience, combining Turkish cuisine, beautiful art and design, and great shopping and cultural sightseeing. Whether you are interested in Turkey's history and ruins, Jewish tours of Turkey, Biblical Turkey, or visits to Turkey's more remote cultures and landscapes, our private Turkey tours are entirely tailored to your interests.

Detroit Tigers manager Jim Leyland said it’s “99.9 percent” certain that SP Zach Miner will not be the team’s fifth starter, according to Tom Gage of The Detroit News. This means there are three candidates remaining for the position – Rick Porcello, Nate Robertson and Dontrelle Willis.
Our Instinct: Miner is likely heading to Triple-A, he was horrible this spring, but then so has Dontrelle Willis, who is all but through. Robertson has been effective and should be the 5th starter, while Porcello who has looked good will go to the minors as to not start his service yet.

2012-2013 Boys'
Basketball Focus
For the second time in seven days, Kaneland found itself scrambling to make an improbable second half comeback against a formidable Rochelle squad.
This time around, the never-say-die Knights finished the job.
Kaneland scored 8 unanswered points in the final two frenetic minutes of regulation, then tacked on the first 6 points in overtime to secure an emotional 65-61 victory in Friday night's Rochelle Class 3A regional final.
The Knights (17-10) advanced to Tuesday's Sycamore Class 3A sectional semifinal, where they will face the winner of today's Marengo regional title game between Rockford East and Belvidere.
Senior Marcel Neil calmly connected on 15 of 17 free throw attempts and finished with a game-high 21 points while sophomore Thomas Williams caught fire late, with 17 of his 19 points coming in the second half and overtime.
"We always have that fight," said Neil. "That fourth quarter we always dig deep, and tonight we hit some big shots and big free throws down the stretch."
"It was just a collective group of guys who kept fighting and fighting and fighting," added Kaneland coach Brian Johnson, who only utilized a seven-man rotation.
Kaneland trailed 30-12 in last Friday's 59-57 Northern Illinois Big 12 East loss to the Hubs and dug itself a similar 37-21 hole early in the third.
The Knights' deficit stood at 56-47 when Rochelle's 6-foot-8 defensive anchor David Newton fouled out with 2:52 left in the fourth.
Williams completed a 3-point play when he was fouled banking in a tough shot off the glass. Neil followed his own miss for another conventional 3-point play to shave the deficit to 57-55 with 1:29 left.
After a Rochelle turnover, Williams was fouled after rebounding Neil's miss and dropped in both free throws to tie the score. Rochelle (21-9) held for the last shot, but Matt Rosenwinkel missed a last second off-balance jumper.
"When we got them in foul trouble, we felt could take it to the rim for easy baskets and free throws," Williams said.
Williams' driving basket to start overtime gave Kaneland its first lead since 8-6. Drew David and Williams both hit a pair of free throws for a 63-57 lead, but Will Widick gave the Hubs life with a 3-pointer.
Kaneland was called for traveling with 11 seconds left, but Grant Prusator's potential game-tying 3-pointer from the corner came up short and Neil grabbed the rebound and was fouled with 1.1 left.
David and Tyler Heinle chipped in 8 points each for the Knights, who made 29 of 35 attempts from the line. Neil and Williams grabbed 11 rebounds each as Kaneland enjoyed a 40-27 edge on the boards.
Prusator's 14 points led the Hubs while Derek White and Newton added 11 points each.
"Kaneland saved their press for the second half again and our smaller guards had trouble with that," said Hubs coach Tim Thompson. "Then when Newton fouled out we lost our low post presence and size shifted to their favor.""
Kaneland High School
Rochelle Township High School
Conference: Northern Illinois Big 12 East
- Looking back at the best of the season
- Boys basketball: Tri-Cities all-area team
- Saying goodbye to seniors never an easy job
- Defense carries St. Francis past Kaneland
- Everyone shares a goal next week survive and advance

Draft Day: Feel the Excitement!
The day Kings’ fans have been looking forward to since the regular season ended is finally here. Draft day. The day when legends are made and spirits broken. I know I woke up with a little bounce in my step. A lot of people like to denigrate this great sport of ours, but I feel no shame in saying that draft day is one of my favorite days of the year. It's like Valentine's Day (but without me crying as much). Rejoice, hockey fans.
Of course, I can't say that my spirits weren't dampened a little bit by today's news that the Sharks traded Vesa Toskala. The Sharks and Ducks are supposed to be getting worse while the Kings get better, but with the Sharks possessing a first-round pick now (and the Lightning giving up a #1 pick to the Ducks for Shane fucking O'Brien), it looks like the Kings are going to be #3 in California for a little while longer.
No matter, though; today's draft day, and I'm still excited. I have a feeling the Kings will do something shocking tonight during the draft. It just seems like it's their turn to set the hockey world abuzz. But first, I wanted to ask a question: how the hell is Greg Oden only one year older than Kyle Turris? I mean, look at them:
I mean come on, Oden’s like 50 and Turris looks like he’s 12.
Anyway, the Kings continue to mystify your noble correspondent, because I have absolutely no idea what they are going to do. It is especially difficult because what the Kings do is dependant on what the three teams picking ahead of them decide. As I am wont to do, I’ll post a few scenarios that are plausible and then my bullshit idea.
The Kings Play it Safe
The Kings hold onto their pick and draft Karl Alzner, the top-rated defenseman in this year’s draft. This is more of a need pick, as it is not believed that Alzner is the 4th best prospect in the draft. However, it would fill a hole in the Kings’ system and give them a solid defensive prospect that could eventually be paired with Jack Johnson. I have a problem with this idea because it seems like the Kings would be wasting a top draft pick on a player that could be picked later. I’m not against drafting for need, but it seems foolish to do so this early in the draft. If you’re just going to play it safe, you might as well trade down. Which brings me to…
The Kings Trade Down
Rumors abound that a number of teams are looking to trade down, including the Vancouver Canucks (who currently sit at 25). As I mentioned before, the Kings have a pretty elite farm system and it could be argued that they don’t really need to improve it. They would be better off improving the current team with a younger, NHL-ready player that could step in immediately. Maybe the Kings could wrangle someone like Kevin Bieksa or Alex Burrows and the #25 pick from the Canucks in exchange for the #4 pick and one of the Kings' many other picks in this year’s draft. The problem with this idea is that there’s always the risk the Kings would miss out on a great talent by giving up a pick this early in the draft. I don’t think I could bear to watch Jakub Voracek or James Van Riemsdyk light up the Kings knowing that they could have been on the team. This brings up my next point…
The Kings Take the Best Player Available
This is my favorite option. I think the Kings would best be served by just taking the best forward they can, depending on who’s taken earlier. I personally think that the best player available in this draft is Alexei Cherepanov, the ultra-talented winger from
I know my fellow Kings fans are wary of developing another inconsistent winger from
I’m going to wait until Monday and then give a run-down of who the Kings drafted, so I hope to see you guys again then. Here's a list of prospects as rated by TSN to reference through the first round tonight. I’m not going to the Kings’ draft party (I have a feeling blogging about the Kings is sad enough), but I’ll be having my own little draft party at my apartment. (It’s not so much a party as me drinking alone, but that’s just semantics.) Have a good time tonight. This is the time of the year when every team gets better; enjoy it.
7 comments:
I know there are knocks on him, but that’s what makes him so intriguing to me.
Sounds eerily like what happened with Kopitar. Every GM talked himself into "yeah but he's Slovenian so clearly his stats are inflated."
I'm with you. Go with the highest upside. You can never have too many scorers.
If you think there's a chance the Canucks would trade Bieksa for a pick, you're smoking better stuff than I've got.
hahah. Oden does like 30 years old, and Turris looks like a muppet.
Bieksa is overrated.
Well, if we hold onto the pick, there is a good chance of one of those top three guys slipping to 4. PHI or PHX may decide Voracek is a better bet. If van Riemsdyk or Turris slips, I think you have to take him.
If that doesn't happen, I like Cherepanov. Either him or Voracek might be more appropriate for that high a pick than Alzner.
If we trade down, I think the hope would be to stay in the top 15 or so and try and land a defender (Alzner could slip down a number of spots, and then there's Ellerby, McDonagh and Shattenkirk still out there likely in that range). I would assume the additional return in a deal like that would likely be an aditional later pick (like a third rounder).
You mention that it's the Kings turn to "shake up the NHL", but what exactly do you think we have that anyone wants of consequence? The first is pretty much it, and I don't know if that's going to be earth shattering. We made the big draft day deal last year with Demitra.
Pretty much anyone worth a damn on our team now is either nigh untouchable or...actually that's pretty much the only option. Blake? Who would want the salary in return for declining play? We're pretty much only up for that because he has a future in the front office here and as a tutor for Johnson.
I'm getting the feeling DL is after a defender and a forward in terms of young veterans to build with. Auccoin going to CAL today could signal Stuart signing with LA as a UFA and there has been talk of Souray also (I'd prefer Stuart).
Maybe we send that first somewhere for the forward he's looking for (heard some crazy rumors we were talking to ATL about Hossa today), but it's probably more likely he's looking at Gomez or Briere as a UFA. Considering the strength of the draft and it being widely considered three players deep on the top end, I'n not sure how attractive that pick is to bring in real talent.
I'm anxious to find out how it plays out tonight. F'in Versus better not pull another boner like they did with the awards show, because I'm counting on my DVR.
Man, I'd galdly have dealt our first rounder for Vokoun...
Who the fuck is Thomas Hickey? Goddammit...
Thomas Hickey? I mean, he's a great pick around 20-30th... but why the hell did they not trade down? Wow.
Interested on hearing what you think of this pick.
DL did try and trade down but was unable to get a spot high enough to get the guy they wanted, so they went ahead and took him at 4. He says he talked to another exec with a pick between 10 and 13 whose team was planning on taking him there, so trading down too far would have meant missing this kid.
Hey, it's easy to say "who's Hickey", but two weeks ago you likely would have said "who's Kane". And after the first three picks, the field was pretty much wide open. Some teams had Hickey in their top 10, some in their top 20, some out of the first round. It wasn't just the Kings going off the consesus rankings to take the guy they thought was best. I think 4 first rounders weren't even in TSN's top 50, and plenty of guys fell pretty far.
This was a wide open draft. Everyone's first reaction is going to be about how little the earth shook, but the proof will be in the tasting of the pudding. It wasn't the safe pick, but we can't really make a call on this being good or bad until Hickey develops or one of the guys we assed on does.
I do think DL has an underlying failure here in not being able to trade down, but he probably had to trade down to no lower than 10 or 12 to get the guy he wanted (which would have made for a similar failure if he missed the guy). STL moved their pick at that position, but they were looking to move down. TOR moved their pick at that position also, but they did it to get Toskala. It doesn't look like the option was really there.
I geuss we'll see how fans react to DL as GM come July 1.

Satellite Data is the Chamber’s new payroll processing benefit
Contact: Laurene Smith – tel: 440.247.2922
In 1986 Satellite Data was born from a vision of providing the best payroll services possible and that vision is as clear today as it was then. At Satellite Data we specialize in personal attention to every payroll related detail while offering a simple, cost effective service. Clients vary in size from one employee to over four hundred, and are also as diverse in their types of business.
All payroll tax filing can be done on the client’s behalf including the completion and the filing of the semi-annual Ohio Bureau of Worker’s Compensation Payroll Report.
A relationship with Satellite Data will reduce expenses, improve productivity and make your payroll cycle more manageable.
We pride ourselves on doing business face-to-face and on the relationships we’ve established over the years through professional affiliations and business organizations Satellite Data offers you:
- Cost Reduction
- Convenience
- Correct Results
- Customer Service
- Control
- Credibility
Payscape Advisors for your Credit Card Processing
Contact: Jerry Hammer – tel: 440.591.8602
Get more from each credit card swipe with Payscape Advisors. We provide exceptional payment processing services without “breaking the bank,” so to speak. Payscape Advisors helps provide the discount rates you need to maximize your revenue, while also providing exceptional customer service and support.
What to Expect:
- Count on competitively priced services
- Rely on our experience in the industry
- Expand your payment options without extensive in-house product line
- Take advantage of our exclusive Gift Card programs

Two Waubonsee buildings could become lofts for artists
AURORA — Two historic buildings on Stolp Island in downtown Aurora that used to be Waubonsee Community College’s downtown campus could become lofts for artists after the college agreed Wednesday to sell them for $1.5 million to a developer known for revitalizing downtown areas. Waubonsee’s …
Cops probe man’s drowning in Aurora retention pond
Aurora police on Friday night continued their investigation into what a police official said was the possibly alcohol-related drowning of a man in a retention pond on the city’s far northeast side. An autopsy is tentatively scheduled to be performed Monday at the Kane County …
- Medical marijuana bill passes Senate, heads to Quinn's desk
- Aurora murder suspect Juan Garnica denies killing
- Mom keeps up hope that her daughter, missing for 10 years, will be found
- Victim’s family sues facility in North Aurora murder-suicide
- RiverEdge Park one month from opening day
- Aurora man says coyote attacked dogs in yard
News
RiverEdge Park one month from opening dayMore News
Aurora aldermen slated for new City Council committees
Cops probe man’s drowning in Aurora retention pond
Yorkville Council sworn in
Aurora murder suspect is deemed fit for trial
Aurora releases final crime numbers for 2012
Two injured in crash in Aurora
Connecting West students to business creates success stories
Comings & Goings: Couple moves from IT to healing arts in Batavia


Mixtapes Now A Standard Strategy
Releasing free mixtapes may have been a novel strategy a few years ago, but today, they’re standard for the rap music industry. The question is, “Can rap music artists still build and retain fan followings without releasing mixtapes?” Some artists don’t question the strategy much; mixtapes are simply part of the business and a way to put out some music outside of a full album release. Others have deliberately maneuvered around mixtapes and major labels, and have still built a solid fan base.
So, are mixtapes strictly necessary? If you talk to artists like Lil Wayne or Drake, the answer is clear. They both release mixtapes religiously and they’re massively successful. If you talk to artists like Tech N9ne and Odd Future, they don’t release mixtapes and they’re arguably very successful, too.
Part of the answer depends upon how you define “success.” From a business perspective, success is measured in dull fashion, by counting product sales and performance revenues. From a critical perspective, success is harder to define. Do you put on a good show? Do you get a lot of airtime? Is your music standard on the club circuit?
Tech N9ne and other independent artists prove that releasing mixtapes isn’t necessary to build a fan base or keep fans interested. Mixtapes provide a great way to introduce a new artist. For established talent, mixtapes are a good outlet for music that’s stylistically good, but not good enough to be featured on an album. They can also be used to promote upcoming albums without a lot of effort.
Ultimately, the mixtape comes down to this: do you want to swing for the fences on every track, or is a base hit good enough? If you want to be a home run king, it’s best to consider each song’s potential as an album and make sure it’s as good as it can ever get. If you don’t want to work that hard, the mixtape is a good way to publish music that’s better than average and keep the fans interested, but you’ll still need to deliver on your album work.
Photo Credit: ChicagoFabulousBlog.com, via Flickr

Kim Sears Hair
Introducing the Latest It Hair — Kim Sears
Kate Middleton better watch out as there's a new hairdo on the block making waves both literal and metaphorical — Kim Sears' flowing honey-coloured mane. Andy Murray's girlfriend has taken the hair world by storm with her luscious locks at Wimbledon over the last two weeks, with the 24-year-old's tresses becoming the most requested look this month and even earning its own name — 'The Kim'. Master stylist at Charles Worthington, Mathew Soobroy said: "As the UK has been gripped watching Andy Murray on centre court, we’ve experienced an incredible uplift in requests for Kim Sears’ style, exceeding requests for other celebrities by over 50%." Kim's bouncy, loose waves and light shade are perfect for Summer, do you agree?

Hello, everyone! I am sure most of you have been awaiting this post and today I shall be revealing the winners of the Dior Addict Extreme Lipstick Giveaway I ran last week. I had a blast reading all the entries and some of you were so creative! Love it The winners are as below. Are [...]
{ 5 comments }

Things I Love
A smattering of some things I LOVE…
- Elana’s Pantry - This is a great site for Gluten Free recipes. I’ve learned so much from Elana, although I’ve never met her. She’s taught me that you can make delicious treats that are low glycemic and gluten free and still VERY delicious. I don’t know what I do without her Almond Flour Cookbook or her Gluten Free Cupcake cookbook. Thank you Elana! Maybe someday I can thank you in person!!
- Justin’s Chocolate Almond Butter - Gluten Free and Dairy Free almond butter on top of a perfectly ripe banana…who could ask for anything more. If my daughter ate a banana all by itself her BG (blood glucose) would skyrocket but adding this high fat (good fat), high fiber goodness slows the effect of the carbs.

My wonderful friends Aunt K and Aunt Texas threw me a shower last weekend. It was lovely- alphabet themed and colorful and fun.
And Aunt Texas did double duty as hostess and photographer. So the best pictures of the day are definitely hers.
And here they are!
Thank you, awesome friends! If I ever get the opportunity, I'd like to shower you in style someday!
(For those of you who either couldn't make it, don't know me "IRL," or just feel particularly generous, we still have need of a few baby items- they're on the Buy Buy Baby registry {#6231682}.)

Coconut pancake rolls/Dadar gulung is Traditional Indonesian snack that genuinely well-liked to most people in Indonesia, especially in Java. Dadar literally means “pancake” while Gulung means “rolls” (to roll).
A thin layer cake made of Pandan-flavored batter and then filled with the sweet grated coconut. The snacks are normally green color which comes from pandan leaves as it added as natural food coloring. The combination of the coconut milk and Pandan extract that hold in the batter are make the snacks extraordinary exotic!
Above all, we have so many different kind of traditional Indonesian snack which particularly called as Jajan Pasar. I made my effort and promise to my self-my family to always be presenting them as precious after the meal, as a companion to our tea/coffee or as our snacking ritual.
My husband and I both grew up with these delicious and beautiful traditional snacks.
His most wanted sweet rolls that forever charming, he says, however I should keep them go on as our sweetie which absolutely would beautify our days.
His most wanted sweet rolls that forever charming, he says, however I should keep them go on as our sweetie which absolutely would beautify our days.
Frankly, it isn’t hard at all to make it home, perhaps if you run short of time, you could make the filling of the coconut pancakes rolls ahead, so in the next day, it would easier for you to call up a work and presenting the snack to your loved one.
I flawlessly write up the recipe of my mother’s one, as you may notice that most parents or elderly would give you a completely different measurement, such a bit of this, a bit of that, just half from quarter, somehow not to make it too thick, that should be enough for you to hold the dough and some other unique quantity, roughly timing and funny tipsy.
Well, strangely their food no doubt be the best flavor in the world, its magic!
Well, strangely their food no doubt be the best flavor in the world, its magic!
As I only have thick coconut milk in hand so I just diluted with plain water to make specific light batter while my mother calls for only a thin coconut milk for the batter.
Coconut Pancakes Rolls (Dadar Gulung)
makes 13 pancakes
Ingredients
2/3 cup flour
1 whole egg
1 whole egg
2/3 cup coconut milk (160ml)
½ cup warm water
½ tsp salt
1 ½ tablespoon vegetable oil
¼ cup pandan extract
* see how to make homemade Pandan extract
Classic sweet coconut filling (Unti kelapa)
2 cups fresh grated coconut
½ cup shaved coconut sugar/palm sugar (gula merah), substitute brown sugar
5 tablespoons water
2 Pandan leaves, wracked and knotted
Good pinch of salt
Make the filing
Place the coconut sugar, pandan leaves and water in a pan over low heat,
cook until the sugar completely dissolves,
shimmer until the liquids starts to thicken and become syrupy.
Add grated coconut and salt, cook over low heat for about 10 minutes
or until the coconut filling is thick and glossy. Set aside and cooled.
Sift the flour and salt into mixing bowl.
Make a well in the center and pour in the eggs, coconut milk and water.
Using a whisker or wooden spoon, gradually incorporated the flour into liquid,
*make sure making a smooth batter free of lumps
(strain out the batter if there any lumps using a sieve)
Add in pandan extract and oil, mix well until the batter perfectly colored
Allow the batter to stand for 15-20minutes.
To cook the pancakes
Heat a medium skillet or griddle over medium heat ( preferably a non-stick surface)
*Ensure that the skillet sufficiently hot.
Stir the batter, Use ¼ measurement cup as a ladle, pour the batter onto the skillet.
Immediately swirl the skillet so that the batter covers the base completely with a thin layer.
Allow the batter to set and cook until lightly browned.
Flip the pancake and cook the other side for a few seconds.
Immediately swirl the skillet so that the batter covers the base completely with a thin layer.
Allow the batter to set and cook until lightly browned.
Flip the pancake and cook the other side for a few seconds.
Turn the pancake out onto a tray, repeat the process with the remaining batter.
Place a spoonful of the coconut filling in the center of each pancake,
fold both sides towards the middle over the filling and roll the pancake up,
neatly enclosing the coconut filling to form a little parcel.
fold both sides towards the middle over the filling and roll the pancake up,
neatly enclosing the coconut filling to form a little parcel.
Cook’s Note
If using dried coconut flakes for the filling, you will need to add more water.
Truly beautiful snack, I would have difficulties eating, as it is that beautiful. Coconut filling, mmmmmm, sounds so good.
Wow thats a lovely and beautiful recipe. Very tempting
The pictures are stunning.
beautiful dadar gulung ....yummm for sure :)
I keep seeing pandan everywhere on the internet, now I just need to find some in real life to try.
Beautiful! We have a same sweet from western parts of India except that there is no pandan! Love how different cultures have similar recipes.
I want few of those rolls! :)
Uuuenaaaknya Mbak Ira...mebayangkan legit dan wangi pandan asli *ngeces*
Ra, I think you forget to invite me for the afternoon tea. Pasti itu dadar gulung udah abis deh!
Cantik sekali fotonya.
I love this recipe, thanks.
Have saved for another day. I just need to be able to get Pandan leaves.
Ira - you seem to know what I will be missing! We are leaving for the States in two days and seeing all the wonderful treats make me all nostalgic already. Hopefully I will get to make them once we settle in, so thank you for the recipe in advance. For now, I will have to run to the opposite street to grab a few rolls of these delectable treats!
Lovely traditional dessert! I so much love the coconut filling that I can eat non-stop!
I completely forgot to comment although I've been to this post many times drooling over this coconut & pandan dessert as well as your gorgeous photography (I was studying your styling. :-)). I am such a big fan of your work... =)
We also have many traditional sweets and fillings made from jaggery and coconut in Sri Lanka. It's truly a match made in heaven. One of my favourite Malay/Indonesian sweets are dodol. Although I haven't tasted these, your beautiful pictures perfectly convey how delicious those dadar gulungs must be.
Your photos look stunning! Wish I knew how to take photos like you. The recipe sounds fantastic as well, love the colours and love coconut!
Your photography is simply amazing! So glad that I came across your blog.
Ira .. your photography is like a work of art. Absolutely gorgeous!
I think I will like this dish . We make something very similar but we wrap it instead of rolling. Must try this one sometime.
@Natasha @Bite and Sip lol. Heavenly coconut filling :)
@Priyanka Thank you Priya!
@Food and story its one of my fav jajan pasar too!
@Justin (@CutSquash) Good luck Justin, i hope you could find them, they are the plan of paradise! natural and gorgeous!
@Hesti HH. Bener hes, I truly adore a Traditional snack!
@Vaniahaha, I cant wait to see you again in the Island! will have dadar gulung together :)
@Debs @ The Spanish Wok You are most welcome :) i hope you can manage to find them and let me know how it works. thx
@Reese@SeasonwithSpiceoh, you have moved to US already. Hopefully everything is settled by now, cant wait to know your story on your blog, Take care Reese!
@mycookinghut We all love traditional treat, my hubby could eat this snack like peanuts :)
@Nami | Just One Cookbook Thank you nami, Your works is gorgeous too!
@Rathai *if you keen to try on my dadar gulung recipe, You could tried it using jaggery and let me know how it works. Thx Rathai
@Jenny @ Ichigo Shortcake Thank you for the kind feedback Jen! happy cooking
@kankana Thank you Kan. Dont forget to let me know how you turn them into a wrap instead of rolls:)
Hi, you mentioned eggs in the method but not in the ingredients. How many eggs do you use? Thanks for such a beautiful post.
@Extra Virgin Chef Thank you for the correction and I did add up the egg in the ingredients--the recipe only calls for 1 whole egg, Happy cooking!
Ira, Your photography is work of art!
Gorgeous! Enjoy browsing through the posts always..

Hoyas Close Big East's Best Rivalry with Sad but Satisfying Rout of Syracuse
As the final Big East matchup between longtime rivals Syracuse and Georgetown was set to tip off Saturday afternoon, the emotion the game inspired was visible all throughout the Verizon Center.
What is the duplicate article?
Why is this article offensive?
Where is this article plagiarized from?
Why is this article poorly edited?
This comment and all replies have been deleted This comment has been deleted Undo delete

NBA Midseason Awards: All-League First Team
Steve Nash is averaging 17.4 points per game and 12 dimes. Nash has won back-to-back MVP awards and should have won three.
Nash flies down the court with tremendous vision and blows past slower defenders to dish it to anybody who is open. It doesn't matter if you’re in the highest seat in the house, he could hit you in the nose with a no-looker.
And with a good supporting cast like Amare Stoudemire, Raja Bell, Shawn Marion, and Grant Hill, Nash is even more dangerous.
Nash isn't afraid to get flashy to deliver pin-point pass to the hoop for an alley-oop to any one of his teammates.
Shooting Guard
Kobe Bryant has been known for his clutch performances and his stingy defense.
He's dropping 27.4 points per game and 5.1 assists.
For a while, it was thought he was carrying the team, but with Andrew "Baby Shaq" Bynum growing up right before our eyes, Kobe has become even more dangerous.
Bryant will pull up a jumper from anywhere with complete confidence that he is going to knock it down. He will also take a defender one-on-one and break his ankles.
A veteran, Bryant is still one of the best, if not the best player in the league.
Small Forward
LeBron James, the only player on the Cavs worth mentioning, is averaging 30.5 points and 7.1 assists.
He may not be the best shooter but dang-it if he wants to win, he will.
After coming off a big performance in San Antonio, James is looking to do the same back home tonight against the Wizards.
He amazed us last summer in the playoffs and now I look forward to seeing how he plans on bettering this year’s attempt at a NBA title.
Power Forward:
Dwight Howard is a beast with 24 points and 9.4 rebounds in the past few games ; he is looking to send the Orlando Magic back into the playoffs for the second straight year.
Since being drafted straight out of high school, Howard has been an awesome player for the Magic as they look to build a franchise around.
But he is not alone on the team, Jameer Nelson is the second go to guy on the team and looks to be more of a factor in the offense this year.
Center
Amare Stoudemire is joining his teammate Steve Nash on this list simply because he is the future of the Power Forward/Center position; and with 22.4 points a game and 9.3 rebounds this season it’s hard to argue with that.
This kid has a bright future and he clearly is going to become one of the most dominant players of all-time if he stays healthy.
Put up a shot near him and he is throwing it into the 7th row of the stands … then laughing at you for your stupidity.
His versatility is what makes him so great.
Coach
What good is a team without a good head coaching staff.
At this point in the year, I believe the best coaching staff has been the Los Angeles Lakers.
Phil Jackson and Co. have gone from being just a annoying fly in the west to becoming the flyswatter. This year the Lakers have improved from seventh in the west last season to third this season.
Coach Jackson is looking forward to returning to the playoffs for the third consecutive year and hopes to win another NBA title.
Does he have enough fingers for all of his rings?
What is the duplicate article?
Why is this article offensive?
Where is this article plagiarized from?
Why is this article poorly edited?
5 Comments
This comment and all replies have been deleted This comment has been deleted Undo delete

Looking for a tasty appetiser to add a bit of pazazz to a festive dinner? Try this delicious and easy to make fish dish to bring a taste of the Maldives to your home this Christmas.
Serves 4
Ingredients:
- 500g clean fillet of fresh white fish (firm flesh)
- 1 soup spoon of fresh passionfruit per person (scoop out the pulp and seeds from the shell)
- 20cl good extra virgin olive oil
- juice of 1 small lime
- chopped herbs to taste (mint, basil, flat parsley, coriander, chives)
- small onion or shallot, thinly chopped
- salt flakes and freshly ground pepper
- chopped chilli to taste
1. Brush four flat plates with olive oil. Sprinkle with salt.
2. Cut the fish fillet into slices of approximately 3mm thick (don’t slice it too thinly so you can enjoy texture of fish). Lay the slices evenly on the 4 plates as you go.
3. Leave the plates in the fridge, and then prepare the dressing.
4. In a bowl, place the passionfruit pulp and seeds. Add lemon juice and onion to taste.
5. Season with salt and pepper.
6. Mix together with a whisk, and add the olive oil slowly to the mix.
7. Check seasoning.
8. Add the fresh herbs to the marinade.
9. Spread the marinade evenly on the fish and leave it to marinate for 10 minutes at room temperature.
10. You can finish the dish with your choice of toppings such as small croutons, pomegranate, fresh tomato, toasted pine nuts, rocket, lambs lettuce… Enjoy!

Who do Tanzanians have to bribe before they get a service? Which institutions demand the most bribes? What actions to citizens take if asked for a bribe? And do citizens think corruption is increasing or declining?
Last week the Kenyan chapter of Transparency International published the East African Bribery Index, to provide answers to these questions and promote debate on corruption within the region. They've certainly succeeded in the second part of this, getting a fair bit of coverage in the press and drawing responses from the heads of several of the institutions found to be most corrupt, including the Permanent Secretary at the Ministry of Health and Social Welfare, Blandina Nyoni.

Google Mars
Google launched a new service for their maps today: Google Mars
It offers infared views of a slect portion of the Red planet’s surfface. Kinda cool, allows you to zoom in quite a bit, and, unlike the moon, Mars is not made of cheese. However, if you zoom out all the way, you’ll notice that you’re really only looking at a tiny strip of Mars, probably one photograph just strung togther in a loop. Oh well, its cool either way.

Q3 15:00: Matt Prater is about to kick off, and Jordan Shipley is deep to receive for the Bengals. Shipley returns it to the 20-yard line.
Q3 14:45: Bernard Scott is chased out of bounds by Baraka Atkins, but there are two flags on the play. First, personal foul on the offense for a late hit. Second was a holding penalty on the offense, which was accepted by the Broncos for a 10-yard penalty. On first-and-20, J.T. O’Sullivan finds Shipley for a 5-yard gain before the receiver is brought down by Joe Mays. On second down, O’Sullivan sets up a screen pass to Scott, and the running back gets all the way to the Denver 39-yard line. Darcel McBath and Mays are down after the play.
Q3 13:38: Both players walk off the field under their own power, flanked by trainers. On the ensuing first down, the Bengals pick up another first down on an O’Sullivan-to-Jerome Simpson connection for a 21-yard gain. Scott picks up 2 yards on first down, followed by an incomplete pass intended for Andre Caldwell. On third-and-8 at the Denver 16-yard line, O’Sullivan finds Shipley, but Johnny Williams is there for the tackle short of the first-down marker. After the 6-yard gain, Dave Rayner kicks a 27-yard field goal to give Cincinnati the league.
CINCINNATI 20, DENVER 17
Q3 11:26: Matthew Willis returns the kickoff to the 22-yard line, and Brady Quinn jogs back to the huddle at quarterback. Of the starters, only Zane Beadles and J.D. Walton remain in the game. The rest of the first-teamers appear to be done for the day.
*INJURY UPDATE* McBath has an arm injury and is questionable to return to the game. Mays has a groin injury and is probable to return.
Q3 9:45: After a Bruce Hall run for no gain, Quinn connects with Willis for a 30-yard pickup down the middle of the field to the Cincinnati 48-yard line. After a Hall run for a loss of 3, Quinn looks deep once again, this time to Patrick Carter, but the receiver can’t quite haul it in and it falls off his fingertips. On third down, Quinn is sacked to bring out Colquitt for a punt. The Broncos are called for delay of game, giving Colquitt a little more room to work with. He gets the punt off on fourth-and-23, where Shipley fields it inside the 20. The rookie gets out to about the 37-yard line. It was a 44-yard punt and a 21-yard return.
Q3 8:41: The defense is on the field, and Tim Tebow is warming up on the sideline. On first down, James Johnson picks up a yard. On second down, O’Sullivan is sacked by Jammie Kirlew to bring up third-and-13. On the next play, O’Sullivan finds Johnson again, but Alphonso Smith takes down the back after a gain of 6. Kevin Huber is back to punt, with Perrish Cox deep to receive. The rookie muffs the punt and there’s a scrum to see who recovered it — it’s Cincinnati’s ball.
Q3 6:40: The Bengals will take over at the Denver 12-yard line, but Cox is down after the play.
Q3 6:39: After Cox walked off the field flanked by two trainers, O’Sullivan and the Bengals get their drive going again. With no one open downfield, the quarterback takes off before being taken down by Baraka Atkins. It was a gain of 3 yards. On second down, James Johnson is swallowed up after a gain of 2, bringing up third-and-5. On the ensuing play, O’Sullivan is sacked by a diving Atkins for a loss of 6. Dave Rayner is in for a field goal attempt, which is nearly blocked by Tony Carter. The kicker gets it off, however, and drives home the 31-yarder to extend the Cincinnati lead to six.
CINCINNATI 23, DENVER 17
**INJURY UPDATE** Cox’s injury is just cramping, and is probable to return.
Q3 4:39: After a 28-yard kickoff return by Cassius Vaughn, boos rain down from the crowd as Tim Tebow marches onto the field for his first play as a Bronco. He fakes a handoff before rolling to his right and finding Marquez Branson for a pickup of 5 yards. On second down, he hands off to Bruce Hall for no gain, bringing a large reaction from Bengals defender Michael Johnson. On third down, Tebow lines up in the shotgun. He drops back and fires deep to Willis, who has beaten his man. The receiver has the pass in his hands and drops it, bringing up fourth down.
Q3 2:59: Colquitt booms a 52-yard punt, which is downed at the 8-yard line, where the Cincinnati offense takes over. On first down, O’Sullivan fakes a handoff before finding Jerome Simpson for an 18-yard gain. The next play brings a run by Johnson for a gain of 4. Johnson takes another handoff on the next play, picking up 15 yards.
Q3 1:15: After an incompletion, it’s second-and-10, and O’Sullivan hands off to Johnson yet again. The back picks up a first down before being tackled by David Bruton. It’s now first-and-10 for Cincinnati at the Denver 43-yard line. After an incompletion on the following play, O’Sullivan appears to fumble the ball on a sack — but the ruling on the field is that it was an incomplete pass, bringing up third-and-10. The third-down play has O’Sullivan in the shotgun. The quarterback drops back and fires toward Daniel Coats, and the tight end hauls it in for a 16-yard gain, bringing the third quarter to a close.
Q4 15:00: A new Bengals quarterback has entered the game — Jordan Palmer, Carson’s younger brother. He hands off to Johnson for no gain, and on second down lofts a pass deep toward Simpson that flies out of bounds incomplete — but Tony Carter is called for pass interference, giving Cincinnati a first down at the 4-yard line.
Q4 13:32: A 3-yard run by Johnson to the 1-yard line is followed by a run for no gain — the back was tackled by Ben Garland — bringing up third-and-1 at the 1. On the next play, Johnson is drilled in the air short of the goal line, but one ref runs in late with a touchdown call. Rayner’s extra point is good, and the Bengals now lead 30-17.
CINCINNATI 30, DENVER 17
Q4 12:47: Cassius Vaughn is back to receive the kickoff for the Broncos. The rookie steps out of bounds at the 26-yard line after fielding it 2-yards deep in his end zone. Tebow is back in at quarterback. On first down, he hands off to Hall, who is brought down for a loss of a yard. Second down brings a pass from Tebow under pressure — a quick dump off to Britt Davis for a gain of 7. The attendance has been announced as 51,278 fans, by the way. On third down, Tebow is in the shotgun. The rookie drops back and fires toward Willis, who can’t haul it in. Colquitt is back in to punt, and he kicks it to about the 18-yard line. The Bengals have another productive punt return, as Quan Cosby gets out to the Denver 39-yard line after the 50-yard punt — it was a 43-yard return.
Q4 10:32: After a 5-yard completion, Jordan Palmer drops back and hands off to Johnson. The running back picks up 2 yards, bringing up third-and-3. On third down, Palmer drops back into the shotgun. He takes the snap and takes off when no one is open downfield, running for the first down himself.
Q4 8:57: Perrish Cox is in on the tackle on first down — a run for no gain. On second down, Palmer’s pass is tipped and falls incomplete. Third-and-10 brings a bootleg from Palmer after no one is open downfield. He sprints toward the sideline and leaps to dive up and over Alphonso Smith for a first down before giving the cornerback a tap on the helmet.
Q4 7:05: Chris Baker was shaken up on a run by Cedric Peerman for no gain, but he is walking off the field under his own power. Second down brings another run by Peerman for a gain of 6 to the Denver 11-yard line, setting up third-and-4. The following play is another run, but Jeff Stehle and Ben Garland are there for the stop short of the first down marker. On fourth down, Rayner is in for another field goal attempt. The 26-yarder is good, extending the Cincinnati lead.
CINCINNATI 33, DENVER 17
Q4 5:35: Vaughn is back deep to field the kickoff. He gets it out to the 16-yard line, where Tebow and the offense take over. On first down, Tebow is nearly sacked but he gets the pass off — it falls incomplete. On second down, Tebow drops back and gets a pass off to Hall for a gain of 6. That makes it third-and-4 at the 22-yard line. On the next play, Tebow lines up in the shotgun. The rookie fires to Alric Arnett’s back shoulder, and the fellow first-year player adjusts to make the catch for a 21-yard gain.
Q4 4:28: Hall picks up a yard on first down, and Tebow drops back on second down before rolling to his right and being taken down for a loss of two. On third-and-11, Tebow lines up in the shotgun and doesn’t see a blitzer, who hits him and forces a fumble. The Bengals pick it up and run it in for a touchdown — but Head Coach Josh McDaniels and the Broncos are challenging the call on the field of a fumble.
Q4 3:37: The refs rule that his arms was going forward, reversing the call and deeming it an incomplete pass. On fourth down, the offense remains on the field, but J.D. Walton seemed to think Tebow was under center when he was in the shotgun. The snap never gets to Tebow, who is forced to dive forward to pick it up and run for a handful of yards before being tackled for a turnover on downs.
Q4 2:00: The clock runs down to the two-minute warning after three Bengals running plays that has moved Cincinnati to the Denver 24-yard line — second-and-1.
Q4 1:59: The Bengals are called for a false start, making it second-and-6. Jammie Kirlew is there for the stop on the next play, bringing up third-and-3 after a run by Johnson. As the clock continues to wind down, Johnnie Williams sprints into the backfield to put an end to a fullback carry for a loss of 2 on third down, making it fourth-and-5. The Broncos call a timeout. The Bengals elect to go for it on fourth down, firing a pass toward tight end Chase Coffman inside the 10-yard line, but it falls incomplete, and Denver will take over on downs.
Q4 1:09: Tebow is back in under center at his own 27-yard line. On first down, he lofts a screen pass to Hall, who is taken down hard at the 44-yard line. On the following play, he dumps off a pass to Hall who picks up 9 yards before the Broncos call their second timeout of the half.
Q4 0:40: Tebow finds Branson for a first down as the clock continues to run. On the next play, he rolls to his right and fires deep to Britt Davis, who hauls in the pass and runs out of bounds at the Cincinnati 7-yard line. It’s a 33-yard connection. On the next play — with 12 seconds remaining — Tebow is in the shotgun. He buys time, rolls to his right and fires to Branson in the end zone — but refs rule that the tight end trapped the ball and the pass was incomplete. The booth decides to review the play, however.
Q4 0:03: The ruling on the field is confirmed, and the Broncos are left with one last play — second-and-goal — from the 7-yard line. Tebow is in the shotgun with Ball to his left. The rookie drops back before taking off and powering his way past two defenders into the end zone — one of which stays down after the play. Cincinnati is charged a timeout for the injury. Matt Prater kicks the extra point as time expires to give the Broncos 24 points in the game — a 33-24 loss to Cincinnati in Denver’s first preseason game of 2010. It was Cincinnati’s second preseason game. The Broncos will be back in action this Saturday at INVESCO Field at Mile High against the Detroit Lions. Look for more coverage from tonight’s game on DenverBroncos.com in the coming hours.
CINCINNATI 33, DENVER 24
-Gray Caldwell, DenverBroncos.com
Tags: 2010, Cincinnati Bengals, First Half Live Blog
In order for anyone to play Saturday, I would think that they would have to be participating in this week practices, tomorrow through Thursday, if not I don’t see why McD would play them. So my guess is at least we’ll know by Thursday if those guys will play or not.
For all the Westbrook fans out here, he just signed with the 49ers.
And the Saints signed the one who just turned us down last week, Ladell Betts.
We don’t those guys. We have all pro running back lance ball. :/
*need
Bruce Hall is my favorite, last night, 5 runs, minus 3 yards, long 1 yard, but the guy caught a bunch, LOL.
I think the passes to Bruce Hall are the only ones Quinn could complete, haha.
bay – that was my response to the guys re: Hillis but you know how they can be… don’t want to hear any b.s. excuses. (In their minds anyway).
At any rate, we now know it’s just a matter of time for Tebow to climb the depth chart to #2. He’s only going to get better.
Won’t go there about Quinn, but maybe he’ll have a better outing next game. Orton sure looked great though…no doubt! It was clear on the 2nd TD that he audibled at the line of scrimmage on a called running play! Way to go KO!
So I am guessing we practice tomorrow?? I really hope Deck and Thomas are out there or at least them play in our next game vs Detroit!!
I love me some Broncos Country!!
Here is your answer:
Today,.
I hear you rbf1, enjoy your first game of the season at Invesco, with at least 9 to follow, football life must be rough for you, LOL.
No need to put any stock in the pre-season games. Only thing to pay attention to is how our first team plays against the opponnets first team, and even that doesn’t carry much weight. The coaches aren’t going to show anyone to much out of the play book. Really it is just a chance for the staff to weed out the weeklings, grt the rookies into some game type atmospheres and experience, and get out all the jitters. Now go kick some first team Detriot but.
Javis Best should be a good test for our first team D line and LB’s
Go Broncos
keep in mind folks that McD did state in a press conference before the cincy game that the team was going to work on the things they needed to work on and not worry about the score. evaluating talent and getting to practice against another team is the main focus of preseason. so i dont see anything to worry about! ask me again after 4 weeks of regular season play!
Go Broncos
“THE BATTLE IS WON IN THE TRENCHES”
What’s up my Broncos family? This is a non football question. Does anyone know where I can find the Denver Broncos silicone wristband bracelet? They are like the Lance Armstrong “Live Strong” bracelet excpet says Denver Broncos and are Orange, Blue, and Orange/Blue.
I’ve been trying to find these things for the longest of time. I saw a Dolphin fan with some on a few days ago and the chump wouldn’t tell me where he got his from.
posting to read
I got a question…. How come in all the articles I read about Tim Tebow they are refering to the over turned call of him fumbling and losing the ball as a fumble still? Is it they are trying to highlight something bad that he had done? I relize the guys throwing motion looks exactly the same as it did in college, but if it works…… Don’t fix it. Right? His release could be a little sharper and quicker…. But it hasn’t hurt him yet. I don’t think he is ready to start and yes I am a believer in Titanium Tim, but realisticly we are talking at least next season b4 he starts. Orton looks great and I will stand behind him this year! I believe his numbers can rival Romo…. I hate that guy!!! Well hate is a strong word and I am sure it has more to do with the fact that he is a Cowboy than anything.
Romo is a choke artist, hopefully Orton can be better than him, he has a more professional approach to the game and I’ll take that over Hollywood Romo.
As for Tebow’s throwing motion I go back to Elway who said the coaching staff is making too big a deal of it, that with the strength and speed that he throws at, that delivery of his is fine. I mention Elway because if I say it it might sound like crap to many, but when Elway talks people should listen, Tebow should throw however he is comfortable is my opinion, but McD so far hasn’t listened. Young man, a lot stubborn and hasn’t learned quite yet that his way is not the only way, he should take advice from Elway on this one.
Still can’t believe people are saying that Orton looked great….i saw again the same QB that cannot get the ball down the field, who is inaccurate, and relies on his receivers to make him look good. I saw a first team offense that underwhelmed against non gameplanned defense. I saw us get lucky to end up with 14 because the call on Hall was borderline at best. I saw Tebow, playing against guys that will be playing in the UFL. Also saw a defense, give up yardage like crazy and not even come close to pressuring Palmer. Maybe my tv is messed up…LOL, someone prove me wrong
Many experts such as Shanahan have said that the problem with changing someone’s delivery is that when in a tough position the QB will most likely reverse to his old motion, going by instint using his natural motion, so why in the heck would you mess his throwing motion to start with, just confusion is all it can bring to Tebow is the way I see it. Let the man worry about the field as he says himself, not his throwing motion.
thanks bay.. we’ll do our best to enjoy and support our Denver Broncos!!
And to the question why would articles keep bringing up the point of the Tebow fumble that wasn’t, most of the experts have said Tebow couldn’t make it in the NFL as a QB, they obviously are going to hold on to whatever they can get, just pushing back the inevitable fact that they will all be fools in the end.
I think from a football perspective, one of the things youteach is that you don’t put the ball on the ground. That is why they are calling it a “fumble” because that is what he did. The timing of the fumble is what got it overturned, but the fact that he did fumble is not to be diminished. It is just like when someone runs for a touchdown, but it is brought back, no the touchdown does not stand, but he did run for it. I don’t think it is an attack by the media.
Ok… Was just strang when it is ruled incomplete that it is called a fumble by everyone… On another note… Tebow had the best QB rating out of all the rookies…. Don’t know if Bradford started or was a back up in his first outing, but either way, it sounds as if Tebow had a fine first outing and showed his determination to win a football game with his last effort in the redzone!
granted just a preseason game, but could not help but notice a lack of receiver talent, but then again KO has no long ball so maybe it will not be an issue. I liked what I saw in Tebow, his first NFL (even though it was preseason) game, certainly looked better than Quinn, and I liked the way he just muscled the ball down field looking much like big ben, the lefty thing was weird to watch but I can see how that can develop into a real asset, specially with someone his size, it’s going to be fun to watch. With the Lions coming up this week I don’t expect much but I do hope to see the team solidify as we get closer to the regular season.
GO BRONCOS
Haha, a lack of receiver talent tends to happen when you trade away one of the best guys in the NFL and then lose your top two WR picks in the draft to injury. Did Royal ever play? I missed the first half. As far as Tebow’s throwing motion goes, I can see the “if it isn’t broke don’t fix it” argument, but it really does need to be a bit quicker. There were two plays that could have been made had Tebow managed to get the ball out just half a second faster.
Royal, 1 catch, 1 TD.

The next system will be more about cold air than winter precipitation. Light rain or snow is again possible Sunday night into Monday, but it will be followed by very cold temperatures for the rest of next week. Precipitation amounts will be light if any with this system. Finally, one mid-range model is showing the possibility of a significant winter storm for the middle of next week. Another, perhaps more reliable, model is not showing that system as of this afternoon. We will continue to monitor the situation and keep you updated! Check the MWN Forecast daily for the latest details.
----
Stay up to date on the latest weather conditions and forecast by checking out MemphisWeather.net on Facebook and Twitter!

Some people still believe that, to be happy, we need to accumulate things. Shopping malls have become the destination of choice for human entertainment, in turn making our regions economically dependent on department stores.
Have you ever wondered where so
much of what we buy, mostly needlessly, comes from and goes? The system of production and consumption on our planet begins with extraction. You get the necessary natural resources (minerals, water, wood, etc.) from all over the world taken to manufacturing centres. There they are combined with synthetic products, and energy is invested to produce anything from clothing to appliances. So far, so clear.
Yet there are two basic problems with this system. First, there are not enough natural resources in the world to meet the current demand of Western consumption. The USA, with only 5 per cent of the global population, uses about 30 per cent of the world’s resources. Clearly, if other countries follow these rates of consumption – and there are several that threaten to do so including India and China – our resources will run out much sooner than we think.
Second, the world’s largest corporations have amassed so much power that they’re increasingly difficult to regulate. According to the consultancy Global Trends, of the world’s 150 largest economies only 41 per cent are countries; the rest are corporations.
There are various drawbacks to this situation, from the terrible working conditions for employees in developing countries, to the destruction of valuable natural resources without compensation. All this to produce shoes, watches and tablets as quickly and cheaply as possible to satisfy the demand of global consumers.
Although consumption trends are high
in many countries (Germany leads in Europe, while the growth in some Persian Gulf countries is astounding), the USA has topped the list since the times of Victor Lebow. This analyst theorized that for the large US economy to maintain its robustness, it would need to make consumption a permanent part of the US lifestyle.
It is seriously difficult to understand prices in US malls. How can a buyer know how much was earned by the Chinese boy who assembled the product by hand? If he was offered social security and health benefits? How much did the fuel cost to bring it from China to Rotterdam to Florida? If it is an electronic device, where did the Coltan come from? And how much was paid to farmers who extracted it? If this mineral – vital for cell phones and games consoles – came from D.R. Congo, did it come stained with blood?
We do not have sufficient space to address the last link in this consumer system: the inevitably gigantic quantities of waste generated. But the message is clear, responsible citizenship requires us, at the very least, to ask ourselves again and again if we really need that new item that we are about to buy.
Although modern advertising may suggest the opposite, and those who call us ‘ecocentric’ are everywhere, it is worth pursuing sustainable lifestyles. Ultimately, parks and fellow humans are worth more than shopping malls and corporations. Because our quality of life doesn’t depend on our level of consumption!
by Carlos Cadena Gaitán, PhD fellow at Maastricht Graduate School of Governance and UNU-MERIT. First published in El Mundo, 9 April 2012. Translated from the Spanish by Howard Hudson. Image: Flickr / Enoughproject

We're encouraged she is getting help through the Lord. That's the first step," the Muskegon woman said after watching a judge sentence Laurie Swank to a lengthy prison term.
Ottawa County Circuit Judge Ed Post ordered Swank, 49, to an agreed-upon term of 10 to 20 years in prison Monday for the 1979 murder of 22-year-old Hope College student Janet Chandler.
Her second-degree murder sentence comes three weeks before Post is to sentence four others -- all former Wackenhut security guards who knew Chandler through her night clerk job at the Blue Mill Inn -- whom Swank helped convict earlier this month through trial testimony.
Arthur "Carl" Paiva of Muskegon, James "Bubba" Nelson, Anthony Williams and Freddie Parker face mandatory life prison terms when sentenced Dec. 10 for felony murder.
Swank, who calmly unfolded a creased paper on which she penned her thoughts, told Chandler's family she wanted to take responsibility for her part in the murder.
"Age, ignorance, coveting and jealousy -- there are no excuses," she said, describing how she has lived in a "self-imposed mental prison that has affected every aspect of my life" since 1979.
"I am not and have not been the same person since Janet died," she said.
Swank, still handcuffed as she clutched the paper, offered an apology Monday.
"I present myself, meekly and humbly, full of God's grace, and ask for forgiveness," she said.
In 1979, Swank was Chandler's boss at the Blue Mill Inn as well as her roommate at a house on Holland's north side. Jealous of Chandler's popularity with Wackenhut guards staying at the inn and patrolling a Chemetron Corp. strike, Swank helped instigate a plan to "teach her a lesson" at a party where she would be "(raped) to death."
The guards hatched a plan to lure Chandler away from her job under the guise of a surprise party.
At the party, she was raped, beaten and ultimately strangled to death with a belt while her arms and legs were bound, and her eyes and mouth taped.
Her body was dumped in a snowbank in the I-196 median.
Former Wackenhut guard Robert Lynch, who admitted holding the belt when Chandler died, was sentenced to a minimum 25 years in prison in February after pleading guilty to second-degree murder.
On Monday, Glenna Chandler asked Post to give Swank the most prison time allowable.
"Laurie has chosen her destiny where she let hate and jealousy rule her," she said.
Chandler's father, Jim, said Monday's sentence brought another measure of justice to his family for their daughter's killing 28 years ago.
"(Justice) will never be served, but the whole thing is coming to closure," he said. "It's encouraging to hear Laurie say she is taking responsibility for what she did and recognizes there has to be a penalty to it."
Outside the courtroom, Swank's sister warmly greeted the Chandlers. Some of Swank's family were present for the sentencing, but they declined to comment.
Glenna Chandler said she cannot imagine the shock experienced by Swank's family and the other suspects' families upon learning the dark secret that had been kept for so many years.

While on the internets today I found that Mr. Level-up himself, N'Gai Croal, had finally updated his blog and tackled an issue that has been setting the game blogs ablaze: (note: I refuse to use the word blogosphere it is the most idiotic sounding word ever created) the issue of Mirror's Edge and innovation versus execution in video games.
Croal goes on to say.
I finished the game last night and since I got close to the end this past weekend I have been trying to figure out how I am going to score it. It is hard to dislike it because when the game does things right, it REALLY does them right, but the flaws cannot be ignored.
As someone who appreciates when a game designer does something different I want to laud this game as much as I can. On the other side of the coin, as a critic there is no way I can give Mirror's Edge a perfect score because it is far from perfect.
I'm glad that I found this post, it really helped me in my decision. Full review later this week.
The rest of N'Gai's post and something completely different after the break.
The Idea: Game reviewers and game players get so hung up on minutiae-i.e. game controls and combat systems-that too often, they miss what's important and innovative about games. This in turn creates a culture where gamers are searching for aspects of a game to dislike. Instead, what's needed are more critics and gamers who champion particular developers and games.
The Thinkers: Leigh Alexander, Ben Fritz, Keith Stuart
The Sources: Sexy Videogameland, The Cut Scene, Games BlogAdvertisement
The Quotes:.
--Leigh Alexander, Sexy Videogameland
[I]n the case of games that are different in some way (like a new IP, or a sequel from a new developer as in the case of "Silent Hill: Homecoming"), a lot of videogame critics obsess about the small stuff because they don't like the big picture...?
--Ben Fritz, The Cut Scene
[I]f. For
example, no-one complains that, say, Pan's Labyrinth or Eraser Head
lack the formal, easily recognisable narrative structure of a
conventional movie. Their aspirations exempt them from that
requirement. So should we really be marking Mirror's Edge down for
control issues--a game that aspires to re-interpret the very interface
between player, screen and character? Yes, I know, it's a clumsy
comparison, but the underlying point is--should reviewers just accept
that sometimes incredibly new experiences will lack some of the formal
substance we expect from traditional games? That's what innovation is,
it's leaping out into the unknown.
--Keith Stuart, Games Blog
The Reaction:.
From
where we sit, the core mechanics of Mirror's Edge--the locomotion, or
movement, of the main character--are exceedingly well implemented. The same is true for the twinning of the player and the camera. The shooting mechanics,
however, are shockingly mediocre for a studio whose history and
expertise lie in first-person shooters. As for the hand-to-hand combat,
it's certainly well-animated and pleasing to the eye. Yet it's also
both perfunctory and unforgiving, which means that it's somewhat
satisfying when you get it right and thoroughly irritating when you get
it wrong.
Stuart and Alexander would have us believe that the
fault lies with reviewers and gamers who have disparaged any of the
game's mechanics--movement, shooting or hand-to-hand combat--while
being insufficiently laudatory of the breathtaking way Mirror's Edge
simulates the experience of le parkour. They're wrong and, if we can
turn back a phrase from Fritz, they're wrong in a way that misses the
big picture. Because while the locomotion in Mirror's Edge is
praiseworthy and innovative, the game it's wrapped it not only fails to
amplify and focus said innovation, the game by and large works against
it.
What do we mean by this? Mirror.
Imagine if after crashing in a Burnout
Paradise race, the developers started you over at a standstill rather
than already in motion, and you'll have a sense of how dissatisfying
failure feels in Mirror's Edge. Stuart, for his part, says that there's
just a "smattering of trial-and-error moments," which we'll graciously
chalk up to the superiority of his gaming skills over our own. Still,
the effect of this marrying classic try, die and retry failure states to
a trickier-than-usual platformer is to create an experience that
continuously alternates between elation and frustration, which steadily
erodes the sensation that DICE comes so tantalizingly close to imparting.
This
is why the most satisfying portion by far of Mirror's Edge is the Time
Trials. In this mode, you not only expect trial-and-error, you embrace
it, because you're trying to improve your time. And by taking
manageable portions of each level and isolating them to serve as Time
Trials, you get to know each mini-level well enough that you can
successfully maintain the unbroken chain of continuous motion that is
the best thing about Mirror's Edge. Even within an individual run,
there's still exploration, but it's highly focused on looking for an
aspect of the environment that you hadn't seen previously, an alternate
route that you'd missed, all in hopes of reducing the time that it
takes to get from beginning to end. Forget Madden NFL or NBA 2K: this
is the first game that we genuinely makes us feel like an athlete when
we play it. That's when it's firing on all cylinders, however, and more
often than it should, the Mirror's Edge story mode you feels like
you're shooting blanks.
A number of reviewers have likened
Mirror's Edge to Portal. It's an apt comparison: both are
first-person games that radically innovate on how players can traverse
from Point A to Point B; both games contain movement, platforming,
exploration and combat challenges. Yet the differences between the two are ultimately more
instructive than their similarities. Portal, at its core, is about
solving environmental puzzles in order to get somewhere. Mirror's Edge, by contrast,
is about solving environmental puzzles at top speed in order to get
somewhere as quickly as possible. (Yes, there are a number of
momentum-based obstacles in Portal, but the game is nowhere nearly as
dependent on continuous movement for its pleasures as is Mirror's
Edge.) The paradox is that while most story-based games rely on forward
progression (shuttling you from new environment to new environment)
Mirror's Edge is at its most alive in its circular progression (when
you replay an environment that you're already familiar with), something
which, on your first playthrough, only happens after you fail. That's
not an easy tension to resolve, and it hasn't been resolved.
The tragedy
here is that in the development time allotted, neither DICE nor its
masters at Electronic Arts HQ were able to do what Valve did a year
ago: figure out how to take the essence of Mirror's Edge and turn it
into a game that could be sold for $60. Sure, Valve placed Portal in
the tender, nurturing embrace of Half-Life Episode 2: The Orange Box, but it also
married the innovative portal gun gameplay mechanics to a narrative
structure, enemy placement and level designs that connected its 19
discrete puzzle sequences in a way that felt the whole felt greater
than the sum of its parts. Mirror's Edge does not, and that's what is being
reflected in its reviews. As Penny Arcade's Tycho put it,
"The main problem is that I love what they've done with the art and
with the style of play, but when they start hounding me with these
snipers and S.W.A.T. motherf---ers it quickly becomes a game I don't
want. I guess the idea is to make it more exciting, but I was already
having fun."
This is, of course, merely one blog's opinion. But.
One more
point. In response the IGN UK review of Mirror's Edge which states "The
ideas are there for a very cool experience, and I truly hope that a
sequel is spawned, but this first attempt falls just a bit short," the
Guardian's Stuart replies:. I felt the same about Killer 7 and Shenmue and the mobile game, Nom - flawed every one of them, but I don't begrudge the creators a single second of the time I spent toiling with imperfections.
Similarly, in a Sexy Videogameland post that went live after the one we cited above, Alexander writes:
.
While taking issue with Stuart's claim that Mirror's Edge is a masterpiece, Variety's Fritz, in a post that went live as we were penning this screed, goes even further in lambasting the IGN reviewer for even bringing up the prospect that a sequel could solve what ails Mirror's Edge. He states:
What I think we both dislike is the cowardly critic, the one who focuses on the details and refuses to engage with the big picture ideas of the game....On the one hand, it's kind of a dismal acceptance of reality--we all know there probably will be a sequel and EA/Dice probably will address specific issues. But that's hardly the most interesting thing about "Mirror's Edge," love it or hate it. This game made some very high level choices and those are what reviewers should be engaging.
First, Fritz's complaint doesn't quite square with the review, whichThe Verdict: Red light. Reviewers aren't perfect, but attempting to police the discourse by insisting on the primacy of innovation over execution is not the answer.
tackles a big picture idea when the reviewer states that there's a
conflict between the openness of the player's abilities and the
sectioned off nature of the world. (You can read the review for
yourself here.) Second, we hate to drag out our old chestnut of a quote,
but we'll do it yet again nonetheless: We see games with our hands. In
other words, not only do mechanics matter (why else would there be a
minor civil war between those who think the floaty physics-based
platforming in LittleBigPlanet is A-OK and those who believe that it
renders the game unplayable?) but mechanics are also improvable, both
between franchises (the cover system innovated in Kill.Switch but
significantly improved in Gears of War) and within the same series (the
cover system as built for the original Gears of War and as subsequently
enhanced for Gears of War 2). To pretend otherwise is to miss a
fundamental aspect of what games are and how sequels, downloadable
content and expansion packs can function in this medium. To let the
tastes of less knowledgeable gamers dictate the dialogue among those
who are more fluent in this burgeoning critical language is to neuter
the conversation. Let's avoid doing either.
And now for something completely different
Warning: This video contains coarse language
Stop watching at 1.43 to avoid this vid's jump on the failboat.

Just a reminder that I will be at the InterContinental Hotel and Conference Center in Dallas TX on Saturday April 28, 2012 from 10:00 AM to 6:00 PM. From 10am – 1:00pm we’ll talk about how to “Revitalize your workflow with Adobe Photoshop Lightroom 4”, and from 2:00 – 5:00 we’ll cover Photoshop Techniques for Photographers.!

Acrobat X Opens a New World of Document Collaboration and Innovation
Courtney Brigham exchange. Our customers tell us they spend too much time figuring out how to do their jobs. They regularly face the difficulties of keeping everyone on the same page. They struggle with a staggering volume of information and the negative effect it has on their work. They want to reduce the complexity. Yesterday’s tools and techniques no longer cut it if you want to move your business towards tomorrow.
In a recent study of enterprise collaboration techniques, the Gilbane Group said, “The document is becoming a parallel collaboration channel to the Web, a channel in which people not only create and consume ideas, but also interact around them, creating innovation and value.” Clearly, our expectations of what a document is and does are changing. Today’s documents need to be dynamic. They must have tools for collecting, sharing and aggregating feedback. They must be able to contain comprehensive content, from text and images to audio and video.
Documents need to be dynamic in every dimension: It’s not just about content, it’s also about context. The context in which we present information or the order in which it is viewed is as critical to the overall communication as the content itself. For example, when a sales presentation is sent to a customer that contains slides, a short video and an order form, how might we manage the process that the customer moves through the information so we can create the most impact and get the order? Think of an insurance company that can process video, images and forms to expedite a claim. Or similarly video, images and testimony in support of a case for law enforcement. Putting content into context not only adds clarity; it improves productivity as well because the information is more actionable. You can see powerful examples of PDF Portfolios here.
The new Acrobat X software family redefines how documents are managed and used, how they are perceived, and how dynamic they can be. And now, anyone with the free Adobe Reader X can join the review and feedback process—all with access to sticky notes and highlighting commenting tools, as well as full control and security.
We’ve introduced new Acrobat services today, as well. Adobe SendNow, a new document exchange service lets you send and receive large files and track them with proof of receipt, so you can avoid e-mail gateway issues, complicated FTP servers, or the costs of expensive overnight mail. The SendNow service will be available when Acrobat X ships. Adobe CreatePDF is a new document exchange service that will be available through the Adobe Reader X interface as well as through the browser and allows a user to quickly create a PDF online. The CreatePDF service will also be available when Adobe Acrobat X ships.
These days, the document is very much the proxy of its author. It represents what you do, how you do it and the value you deliver to your company, coworkers or partners. With Acrobat X, your documents can be virtually unconstrained, as dynamic as you need them to be, expressing the creativity and innovation that leads to greater productivity.
Welcome to the next generation of document collaboration. Be sure to check out our new web site for a sneak peak of Acrobat X. And don’t forget to sign up for a trial download notification so you can be one of the first to see how Acrobat X can dramatically improve the way you exchange and collaborate on documents.
Kevin M. Lynch, vice president and general manager of Acrobat, Digital Enterprise Solutions Group
><<
Has MDI been restored? Thankfully I’m working for a company at the moment who have stayed on Acrobat 8, but I hope that we’ll be able to update without the huge loss of usability that forced SDI brought about.
MDI isn’t back. We’re still SDI. Please see the blog post on this topic here:
[...] and Reader software, today announced a new family of products, including Adobe Reader X and Acrobat X. This new series of software, which Adobe says will be available sometime in November, will [...]
I agree MDI is a must and was a stupid decision to remove it. I trust that employee has since been fired and is looking for a job in the 70s on his monochrome monitor.
Speaking for myself, two of the most valuables features missing in Acrobat 9 were:
1. Support for MDI (multiple documents in the same window). Nobody in Adobe reviews documents side by side?
2. Compare documents from Acrobat 8. The compare feature in Acrobat 9 is an absolute mess. Tracking changes for long documents full of text was incredibly tedious and complex in version 9.
Will these two features be back in Acrobat X? If not, I hope Adobe don’t start thinking in dropping menu bars and adding silly ribbons.
Can Acrobat X open multiple documents? Or should I continue with Acrobat 8?
So, it I understand that MDI is still not available and that I either have to stick with V8 or look for an alternative. It’s enormously tedious that design-decissions are being made by people who apparently never have to work seriously with their own software. Please look at other industries that thought they could decide what customers need and what happened to them.
Regards
MDI support is not available in Acrobat X as previously announced, please check out this past blog post that details it further:

After exhausting all other possibilities, Braves outfielder Matt Diaz is headed for surgery on his right thumb, which is expected to end his 2012 season.
Diaz said he had the decision confirmed Monday afternoon by Braves hand specialist Dr. Gary Lourie, who will perform the operation on Wednesday morning. Diaz would need two months to recover before he could swing a bat at full speed, so this effectively ends his season.
operation Diaz has had on the same area in a little more than two years, both times to remove splinters he and his doctors believe he got after being stabbed by a palm frond clearing his yard in Lakeland, Fla. back in 2006.
Diaz has been on the disabled list since July 21st, after trying to play through pain for the better part of six weeks. An MRI revealed he still had two small foreign bodies in his thumb. The hope was that with rest and antibiotics, the inflammation would subside. Infection hasn’t been a problem, but it never stopped hurting.
“I can’t grip a bat,” Diaz said.
Diaz said he first found out he was likely headed for surgery last Wednesday. He and his wife Leslee got a babysitter for their three children in case he needed some time to work through the news.
“I felt it was going that way because it just wasn’t feeling good,” Diaz said. “Surprisingly a sense of peace overcame me and just kind of ‘At least we’re taking care of it.’”
Diaz said he’s confident that the surgery will take care of the problem this time, especially considering he’s not under the gun to get back before the season is out, like he was when he had his first operation in May of 2010. He also takes confidence, he said, because he came back and played 58 games that year and didn’t have a problem with it until it cropped up against this June.
was hitting .222 with two home runs and 13 RBIs in 51 games this season for the Braves. He said he takes consolation in knowing his thumb worsened before the July 31 trade deadline, so the Braves could acquire right-handed hitting outfielder Reed Johnson from the Cubs.
“I’m glad I hurt it as bad as it did two or three weeks before the trade deadline,” Diaz said. “If I were going through this now and we didn’t get Reed Johnson and Tyler (Pastornicky) wasn’t doing so awesome off the bench, I’d feel more of a sense of almost guilt from not playing. But we’re set with the right-handed hitting outfielder in Reed Johnson who’s done it, been there, and Tyler has proven himself off the bench as an unbelievable young guy to be able to do that.”
119 comments Add your comment
billy shears
August 14th, 2012
12:08 am
hopefully his last game with the braves.
JC Boscan III
August 14th, 2012
12:14 am
Yet another classy comment by a Braves “fan”………..
jimmyt
August 14th, 2012
12:39 am
Billy, you’re and idiot. Obviously, you can’t fix stupid. Probably voted for Obama too.
Kyle
August 14th, 2012
12:49 am
Irony: Billy, you’re and idiot.
Smitty
August 14th, 2012
12:53 am
I really like what he has done for braves…hope he get well soon
Smitty
August 14th, 2012
12:55 am
Anybody know why blogs bring out all the negative comments in some people
Smitty
August 14th, 2012
12:56 am
Who is obama anyway….just kidding.. I know he is the guy costing me money
J-MAN
August 14th, 2012
1:05 am
Well he is making 2.5 million this season. If Diaz does come back it will have to be at a reduced price. Id give him a Minor League contract and give him a chance t mke the team in ST nex year. But my complaint is why isnt Reed Johnson and David Ross batting against left handed starters. The final game of the Mets and tonights game could have been changed with them in the line up. Also Uggla hasnt hit leftys all season.
Kyle
August 14th, 2012
1:11 am
I think Matty’s career w/ the Bravos is over. Great club house guy, good off the bench but I think he’s done.
Diaz headed for surgery, likely out for season – Atlanta Journal Constitution (blog)
August 14th, 2012
1:27 am
[...] Diaz headed for surgery, likely out for seasonAtlanta Journal Constitution (blog)After exhausting all other possibilities, Braves outfielder Matt Diaz is headed for surgery on his right thumb, which is expected to end his 2012 season. Diaz said he had the decision confirmed Monday afternoon by Braves hand specialist Dr. Gary Lourie …and more » [...]
Matt Diaz (Braves) — BaseballMoves.com
August 14th, 2012
2:00 am
[...] Source: ajc.com [...]
TexasRose
August 14th, 2012
3:14 am
is Diaz’s upcoming surgery a reflection of poor surgical technique/care in the first surgery…or just ‘one of those things?’
COOPER
August 14th, 2012
3:32 am
Why wasn’t the problem taken care of in 2010 when he was disabled the first time. It is time to cut Diaz loose. He certainly isn’t and hasn’t earned his keep. Time to retire Diaz. He may be okay in our minor league system as a coach but as a player let someone else waste their money on him.
Retired 6 years too late
August 14th, 2012
4:20 am
Is this the start of another August like last year? When this team faces left handed piching, Johnson, Ross needs to be in the lineup. Sit Uggla and move Prado to second. Come on Bobby Lite, Left Handed Pitching is shutting this team down. Poor Minor is getting no runs from this predominate lefty hitting line-up.
birdpoop
August 14th, 2012
4:46 am
Does Jim Powell own Liberty Media? Thats the only way he and Don Sutton have jobs;they are the WORST baseball announcers in the country.
Diaz headed for surgery, likely out for season FEATURED LINK | Atlanta Braves Dugout Online | Atlanta Braves Blog
August 14th, 2012
6:18 am
[...] The rest of the article can be found here: Atlanta Braves [...]
BRAVES FAN
August 14th, 2012
6:28 am
best news all day…….no more dplay diaz,good riddance
been with braves for 2 years,and done nothing
the pics have been revealed………so long sucker
BRAVES FAN
August 14th, 2012
6:29 am
diaz
lowe
norton
kiwanimi
wilson
hampton
worse signings of all time
BRAVES FAN
August 14th, 2012
6:30 am
and of course lowe goes scoreless innings against the rangers last night
Gail
August 14th, 2012
6:30 am
Now a blog contributor criticizes the announcers…seriously? Don Sutton and Jim Powell are fantastic. Not sure which is more annoying…the contributors that criticize the Braves or the blogger that offers a very negative comment about Don Sutton and Jim Powell. If you don’t like it, watch the Braves on TV or better yet, find another team to follow.
MikeY
August 14th, 2012
6:48 am
J-MAN, I absolutely agree w/ you on the match-ups. We will face 4 lefty pitchers in a row, Ross and Pastornicky and Johnson need some starts in there. Has Pastornicky progressed to where he can play LF? Could we start an OF w/ Pastornicky, Johnson, Prado, with Ross at C? I think so. Could help us win.
MikeY
August 14th, 2012
6:49 am
BRAVES FAN: You left out Livan Hernandez.
Tampa Gator
August 14th, 2012
7:02 am
The Nats beat SF 14-2 last night. The Braves are playing for a wildcard spot.
Larry
August 14th, 2012
7:09 am
Dismiss the dimwit and make Diaz the manager. He’s infinitely more intelligent and extremely popular and well respected by the team.
Look for Diaz to go into coaching when his career ends….which may be now!
alex
August 14th, 2012
7:31 am
@Larry: spot on, as for “surgical technique ” wizard above, perhaps your lobotomy was botched
John w
August 14th, 2012
7:57 am
I saw the lineup last night and couldn’t believe Reed nor Ross was in it! I’ve tried to give Freddi the benefit of the doubt but I’ve concluded this guy is not a very good manager!!!
BravesfaninWis
August 14th, 2012
8:05 am
The Braves better just focus on the wild card spot now and do everything in their power to not choke that away again. It’s clearly obvious the Braves don’t have what it takes to win this division. They can’t possibly choke away the wild card with the addition of another spot, or could they? At this point I won’t be surprised either way.
longtimefan
August 14th, 2012
8:20 am
That “not very good manager” has guided this Braves team to the fifth best record in MLB with the 16th highest payroll. Only two teams with higher payrolls have better records. If this were a business(which it is), management would be looking to promote him. Let’s not let facts get in the way of opinions.
longtimefan
August 14th, 2012
8:22 am
To Wis Braves “fan”-they make pills for the chronically depressive.
KD
August 14th, 2012
8:22 am
Diaz, a little advice, next time you are doing yard work….WEAR GLOVES
todd h
August 14th, 2012
8:31 am
always loved matt diaz. a real class act and a solid right handed bat against lefties who always give us fits.
Let's Go
August 14th, 2012
8:31 am
Matt’s season was over when the Braves picked up Reed Johnson. Yeah, he could have came back in Sept but I doubt he would have seen much playing time. When he was in the zone he could swing a hot bat but when he wasn’t he looked bad and struck out too much to be an effective pinch hitter. He may get on with someone else next year as a bench player but his days of seeing 2.5 mil a season are over.
ijudgenot
August 14th, 2012
8:34 am
Tonight Hudson pitches. If Fredi follows his pattern of letting Ross catch Hudson then Ross will be in the lineup. However if all that was just BS to give cover for McCann being sat for not hitting then BMac will start again tonight then be rested on Thursday day game. Fredi like Cox takes into consideration the players egos too much at the teams expen
Whackado
August 14th, 2012
8:37 am
Why not bring back Dale Murphy and Bob Horner for the playoff run. Also, look to see if Rico Carty and maybe Sid Bream (Sid for speed on the bases) are available.
Giddy up...
August 14th, 2012
8:38 am
Love bloogers who can’t spell players’ names (Kawakami) and don’t know the facts… We didn’t sign Diaz….the Pirates did… We got him a trade for a low class prospect… Also didn’t sign Wilson- trade with Seattle. I see the Braves Jerk in Wisc doesn’t have anything else better to do.
rodney
August 14th, 2012
8:39 am
jimmy.t is everything Obama fault you must be a redneck.
metfan Lou
August 14th, 2012
8:39 am
I have always been a big fan of Matt and hope he’ll have a big recovery and if the Braves cut him loose I would love to see him in a Met uniform. The mets need an outfielder like him.
AAA
August 14th, 2012
8:40 am
Don’t know why people try to drop political commentary here. It’s a sports blog. Go to Fox News if you want to whine and cry.
DeepDiver
August 14th, 2012
8:45 am
You know that Matt Diaz RAKES RHP.
DeepDiver
August 14th, 2012
8:45 am
You know that Matt Diaz RAKES LHP. #corrections
Tucker
August 14th, 2012
8:53 am
What is the latest count of Braves who are either out for the season or just decided to quit giving it much effort?
Speedy Gone zalez
August 14th, 2012
8:57 am
Have to agree, Jim Powell is SO boring……………….zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz & Sutton needs to retire. Diaz may be a good guy but he’s wasting a roster spot just like Hinske & Wilson, they are all done. Ross & Johnson are great off the bench but then what? Simmons comes back & who do you keep at backup SS, Janish or Tyler? Still need to add a bat, heard they may be looking at Youkilis, which may be a good move that continues into next year, Go Bravos!!!!!!!!!!!
JoeBravesFan
August 14th, 2012
9:01 am
Get well soon, Matty D! I have a feeling this was your last year with the Braves, so thanks for hitting lefties…most of the time!
JoeBravesFan
August 14th, 2012
9:02 am
I think Paul Janish has made Jack Wilson expendable. After his performance, I’d have a hard time letting him go. Get Tyler trained at 2nd, so when Uggla’s contract is up, or he’s traded, we can put Tyler there.
Ed
August 14th, 2012
9:07 am
See all above, and people wonder why free agents won’t consider Atlanta. If I could play there’s no way I would come play for a fan base as stupid as Atlanta has. Plus you have idiots like Mark Bradley, Jeff Shultz writiing their dribble every day.
BravesFan
August 14th, 2012
9:07 am
i am so tired of all these negative “braves fans” who have nothing better to do then air out their lonely lives on the AJC comments.
Get well Matty.
urban redneck
August 14th, 2012
9:11 am
who the hell is kiwinimi? and the worse signings “of all time” is a stretch. what about tom glavine, phil neikro and dale murphy? those guys didn’t help us a bit………hope you have your irony boots on. and someone else above is knocking rednecks?? we are not all hardcore conservatives. but that is for another blog. we’re talking baseball.
sorry to hear about matty d. it’s not really much of a loss i guess, but he’s a heckuva nice guy. our bench is in trouble. is there anyone to promote from gwinnett to pinch hit? go bravos.
PMC
August 14th, 2012
9:11 am
Good luck Matt D. Hope all goes perfectly with the surgury and you’re back playing ball soon. Thanks for playing as hard as you could for the Braves.
PMC
August 14th, 2012
9:12 am
surgery.
Heisenberg
August 14th, 2012
9:15 am
This is the Braves blog. Take the political comments to the Bookman or Wingfield blogs. Whichever suits your style.
Columbus
August 14th, 2012
9:18 am
Billy, you ARE an idiot. Even if his time is up, thats not how you show respect for a Brave or anyon fr that matter. I bet you voted for Obama too. No Im sorry, I bet you didnt even vote. But thats OK, the rest of us in Georgia did not vote for Obama and he did not win GA and nor will he in 2012. But we will still have you Billy…maybe you will come around.
Columbus
August 14th, 2012
9:21 am
You like that political comment Heisenberg? Politics IS a game brother! Vote for anyone except Obama and America will be much better off…ANYONE!
anonymous
August 14th, 2012
9:25 am
Jim Powell is ok. It’s Don Sutton who is the worst announcer/analyst EVER!
ALWAYS brings subject back to himself. ALWAYS brining up old stories that relate to himself, someone he knew or played with, that has nothing to do with Braves baseball.
NONSTOP yakking – tv execs. probably tell him to not let their be any silence at all. Sutton is the one turning Powell into a boring turnip. CALL THE DAYUM GAMES!
BravesFan
August 14th, 2012
9:27 am
Columbus, I am sure you are mesmerized daily by Faux News, too. You are a fool, brother!!!!
GRAPHITE
August 14th, 2012
9:29 am
Now children,settle down.It’s going to be alright.
Tralfaz
August 14th, 2012
9:29 am
columbus: see the rules at the top of the page
“We talk baseball, other sports, music, movies, BBQ and whatever (except politics or religion)”
steve
August 14th, 2012
9:31 am
4 lefty’s everynight against lhp is insane no other mlb manager would even consider this
Fastball
August 14th, 2012
9:33 am
I like Diaz and Obama. If you don’t, you better WAKE UP.
GRAPHITE
August 14th, 2012
9:34 am
And to Anonymous…The word is”DADGUM’ as in Coach Bowden dadgum bad call.
phil
August 14th, 2012
9:34 am
Sutton is indeed awful.
Hope Diaz recovers well and is ready to go next year, wherever that may be. Have always liked the guy.
ragnar danneskjold
August 14th, 2012
9:34 am
Hope Diaz comes back next year as his old self. Good guy.
Yogi Berra
August 14th, 2012
9:34 am
Love Sutton and Jim… great details to game and storys (past history)are great. Many times I mute TV and turn on Don.
ragnar danneskjold
August 14th, 2012
9:36 am
I disagree with a couple of fellow bloggers – Sutton and Powell are terribly funny. I turn off the television sound to listen to the radio during games.
Sonny Jackson
August 14th, 2012
9:37 am
Get well Matt! He always reminded me of a Jerry Royster type of player who can play almost anywhere on the field… on of my favorites. I for one, hope to see him with the Braves next year.
Matt Diaz Lawn Maintenance
August 14th, 2012
9:39 am
Great. Now I can get some work!
Kidding. Diaz is a class act who can rake lefties when healthy. He is a solid defensive outfielder and excellent baserunner, which the Braves obviously are not too concerned about. I hope he makes a full recovery and is given a shot in 2013 with ATL. MD, Reed Johnson make the OF/bench much deeper.
We already know Braves struggle against just about any LH pitcher, (except Johan Santana) and need that RH stick for PH and platoon work.
I See Clearly Now
August 14th, 2012
9:43 am
Matt will need a solid 2013 Spring training to make the club and I hope he does it. I like him.
I also dislike Sutton’s non-stop gabbing. Just too much, and so glad he doesn’t do the TV telecasts anymore.Chip and Joe are enjoyable on most nights.
Let's Go
August 14th, 2012
9:46 am
Giddy up… @ 8:38am
Not that I’m disagreeing with you about fan is Wis but the Braves did resign Jack Wilson during the off season, 1mil for 1 year. He was granted free agency in Oct and the Braves resigned him in Jan. Jack is another player like Diaz who won’t be around anymore after this season and could possibly be given his out right release once healthy. I see Paul Janish being the Braves back-up infielder for the next couple of years.
jc
August 14th, 2012
9:47 am
Fastball you must have got hit in the head with a fastball. you the one that needs to Wake Up!
Get better soon Diaz but I believe your days in Atlanta are over. Good luck.
Nevada Roy
August 14th, 2012
9:59 am
Thank you Matt but you are non-tendered for 2013.
Pippa's hiney
August 14th, 2012
10:03 am
Never understood why baseball has the dumbest fans.
Billy Shears
August 14th, 2012
10:07 am
Hey guys! Just wanted to drop a line and let you all know that I am dumb as a rock. Thanks
Billy Shears
August 14th, 2012
10:08 am
Just letting ya’ll know that I am in fact dumb
Matt Diaz to undergo season-ending thumb surgery | HardballTalk
August 14th, 2012
10:16 am
[...] told Carroll Rogers of the Atlanta Journal Constitution that “we’ve given it pretty much every way to rest [...]
Get well, Matt!
August 14th, 2012
10:18 am
Real Braves fans appreciate everything Matt Diaz has done. He’s been one of my favorites for the last few years, and I wish him a speedy recovery that’s as painless as possible! HE, unlike many of these mean-spirited commenters, is a positive, unselfish and high-quality person, and he’s about 1,000 times more talented than all of you blasting him. We miss you, Matty D!
JM
August 14th, 2012
10:23 am
His Braves’ career is over. His contract is up and they will sign Johnson.
Marc Schneider
August 14th, 2012
10:24 am
“Obviously, you can’t fix stupid. Probably voted for Obama too.”
Thanks, douchebag, we needed your insightful political comment. I’m sure you get all your news from the geniuses at Fox-it’s great, you don’t even need to think or, for that matter, even have a brain.
JM
August 14th, 2012
10:25 am
And, after this year, Hinske is likely gone too.
Terry Forster
August 14th, 2012
10:25 am
I’ve been saying how lame Don Sutton and Jim Powell are for two years. They way they make chessy jokes and always yuck it up over them… annoying. Ben Ingram should be the primary play by play guy. MMMmmmmm.. chesseburgers.
Ken Stallings
August 14th, 2012
10:29 am
Had absolutely no idea that palm fronds could be so dangerous! Note to Matt: next time when clearing palm fronds, where industrial strength leather work gloves!
Ken Stallings
August 14th, 2012
10:30 am
… “wear industrial strength leather work gloves!” ERRR!
jc
August 14th, 2012
10:43 am
Marc keep believe the lies from liberal media, proves u don’t have a brain. Go Braves.
Wendell miller
August 14th, 2012
10:44 am
Folks, I believe that Matt signed a 2 year 2.5 million contract with the Pirates and was not making that amount in this the second year of the contract. One thing I can say about the man is that he has always given his all, built others up and has been a great addition to the clubhouse. I bet Santana would like him to be a Met next year. In any event I hope the best for our Braves and Matt Diaz.
Yogi Berra
August 14th, 2012
10:53 am
Diaz contract this year is 2 million, Pirates paid some of his salary last year. He will be free agent at season end.
Yogi Berra
August 14th, 2012
10:56 am
Wendell it was 2 year 4.5 million with Pirates. All contracts can be found at “cots contracts.com” with all teams.
Gary
August 14th, 2012
10:57 am
How many teams has stultz been released or traded from……..and why cant the hitters take some pitches…. make the pitcher work……….
Fragile Bob Horner
August 14th, 2012
11:02 am
I am available for pinch hitting duty…..and buffet duty as well.
Brave New World
August 14th, 2012
11:11 am
Hope Matt’s surgery goes well.
Wendell miller
August 14th, 2012
11:19 am
I stand corrected, folks. about the money. Overall, I think Matt has been a good addition and hope all works out surgery wise and otherwise for him. He even seems to have a great attitude and his head on his shoulders right and will land on his feet somewhere good, if not with us. Well, let’s go catch the Nationals and win this thing!
crackbaby
August 14th, 2012
11:20 am
Matty Diaz – many of us hope a full and speedy recovery is on the way.
MD is a streaky hitter but when he’s on, it’s fun to watch. His outfield play always made me uncomfortable (although it has improved).
Not sure when it will happen, but sooner or later Costanza is going to be a contributor on the Braves. Brings energy and speed and the club just wins when he’s in the game.
Heisenberg
August 14th, 2012
12:04 pm
I have always respected the way Diaz carries himself but the business part of MLB makes me think this could be it for his Braves tenure. He is most likely looking at a minor league deal for wherever he goes next year.
As far as the yard work goes, all pro athletes take note and hire someone. Even the lowest paid pro baseball player can afford that.
Werth
August 14th, 2012
12:54 pm
Obama may not win dumb redneck Ga but most of the country is smarter than that. Obama 2012!!! Romney is a fraudulent disaster.
Rotunda Shaquonda Obama
August 14th, 2012
1:18 pm
Matt Diaz=Joe Shlabotnik.
iliketacosson2
August 14th, 2012
1:18 pm
Great player of the bench…. hopefully he can recover fast
Boo Hoo
August 14th, 2012
1:26 pm
That’s why Wren traded for Johnson………sooooooooo what is the big deal???Johnson is a better hitter than Diaz anyway!
Jack off Team
August 14th, 2012
1:30 pm
It looks as though Jack Wilson will be designated for assignment when Simmons is ready…….Good Bye Jack!
Matty Ice
August 14th, 2012
1:32 pm
Maybe the Falcons can get Diaz……..he throws the ball better anyway!
Fastball
August 14th, 2012
1:43 pm
jc…really thought I’d get beat up over my comment, but so far only you. Thank you though.
snowman
August 14th, 2012
2:05 pm
For those of you who don’t like Jim Powell and Don Sutton, try listening to some of the other team’s announcers on XM radio. Then see what you think.
Ken Stallings
August 14th, 2012
2:06 pm
Yes, because adding over $7 trillion to the national debt in less than four years is such an economic success that I can easily see how turning to a different philosophy would constitute a “disaster.”
Oh yes, the refrain is sure to come in reply, “It’s Bush’s fault!”
P Rose
August 14th, 2012
2:07 pm
:=I
Morris Code
August 14th, 2012
2:16 pm
Wow, I didn’t know we were allowed to talk politics now. O-B-A-M-A 2012. Beat Mittens and Paul.
Braves look to Hudson for another “W” after an “L” | Atlanta Braves
August 14th, 2012
2:26 pm
[...] other late night news in case you missed it, about Matt Diaz being out for the rest of the season in all likelihood, now that he’s facing surgery on his thumb. And wasn’t that Derek Lowe I saw [...]
Mark (another one)
August 14th, 2012
2:50 pm
There’s a lot of crap posted in all the blogs. Diaz played the game with respect for it and the fans. He has always given everything he had, and I respect his efforts. He has been fun to watch, especially against the Marlins.
My hope is the surgery works and the Braves give Diaz a chance to earn a roster spot next year. Someone who can fill in and pinch hit is always valuable. He knows there are no guarantees but that’s the way he has lived most of his career.
Best of luck with the surgery and get well soon.
Lobosolo
August 14th, 2012
2:53 pm
Larry, hook up with your brethren alexis and take a big old pull on one of his sugar binkies… You are hands down the bitterest crybaby to ever come down the pike… I’ve come to believe that you weren’t really as great a player as you claim… anyone who says they played at as high a level as you do, and still show such pathetic ignorance of the game, is nothing but a professional delusionist… Why don’t you just take your incessant whining and go root for your own fantasy team…. God, what a total crybaby…
Ralph
August 14th, 2012
3:43 pm
When they traded for Reed Johnson that was the end of the season for Diaz, with or without surgery.
Atlanta Braves Links of the Day For August 14, 2012 | Atlanta Braves Dugout Online | Atlanta Braves Blog
August 14th, 2012
3:47 pm
[...] Diaz headed for surgery, likely out for season [...]
Bro
August 14th, 2012
4:07 pm
Diaz’s problem with his thumb should have been taken care of last year or at least the first of this year. If you have a bad thumb, you can not grip the bat-thus you can not hit. Why do players continue to play hurt and why do stupid managers keep trying to play injured players. It never works out for the good–except for Kirk Gibson. Braves brought B-Mac back early last year and lost a chance for the playoffs because he could not swing the bat–doing the same thing with this year with his shoulder problem. A healthy Ross is much better than an injured B-Mac.
kbb
August 14th, 2012
4:15 pm
Braves and thUGA fans will find a way to interject Obama into every blog.
tim
August 14th, 2012
4:29 pm
best of luck matty, this braves fan hopes he can come back next year and be part of the team. guys like he and hinske are important parts of the ball club as pinch hitters and able to give starters a day off. from what I have read they are good guys in the locker room as well. Pro sports could use more Matt Diaz’s
Heywood Jablomie
August 14th, 2012
5:47 pm
To all the Sutton haters….it could be worse. We could be listening to Tim “Never Shuts Up” McCarver call games…. Good luck Diaz. Thanks for everything…
bostonbravo
August 14th, 2012
6:19 pm
Jablomie …absolutely correct…the horror of McCarver should shut Chip, Joe, Don haters everywhere.
J.C.L.
August 14th, 2012
8:29 pm
Marc Scheinder, have you always been an idiot or did you have to practice at it ? You could surely give lessons now. Go back to sleep until after election day and quit wasting our time with your idiotic comments.
Hammond
August 14th, 2012
8:55 pm
Who gives a rat’s rear about the election neither can throw a curve ball much less hit a curve ball
I love baseball I hate politics Go Braves
Mr. Dawg
August 14th, 2012
10:12 pm
Ya gottta respect those pond fronds, man, They fight back.
Kat
August 14th, 2012
10:34 pm
You are criticizing others and you use the term “bloogers?”
JASon
August 14th, 2012
11:43 pm
I have a serious f-ing question. Why the f is matt diaz on this team? seriously. Its ridiculous acquisitions such as these that make me hate the braves.
Dick Cheney
August 14th, 2012
11:48 pm
The last time my party was in the White House the real estate market totally collapsed and it brought the nation to almost a complete economic/financial failure. But that was Clinton’s fault.
icons design
November 2nd, 2012
10:06 pm
I apologise, but, in my opinion, you are not right. I am assured. I can defend the position. Write to me in PM, we will communicate.
HANDICAPPING RIGHT HAND HITTING OUTFIELDERS | SD Yankee Report
January 30th, 2013
12:23 am
[...] in 2012 were partly related to a thumb injury that plagued him for a good chunk of the season. He eventually had surgery in August, with the prognosis being that he would need two months to recover. He should be fine [...]

SURPRISE,.
Defense.
N."
Worth noting
• Colby Lewis, who is coming off flexor tendon surgery, said he is hoping to start throwing off the mound in the first week of March with the idea of being able to pitch by June 1.
• Outfielder David Murphy and third baseman Adrian Beltre arrived in camp on Wednesday, two days ahead of the reporting date for pitchers and catchers.
• Manager Ron Washington on the Rangers' search for a utility infielder: "We've got some good internal pieces, but when there are available players outside, you've got to look at it. That's not a knock on what we have. We have to continue to look."
T.R. Sullivan is a reporter for MLB.com. Read his blog, Postcards from Elysian Fields, and follow him on Twitter @Sullivan_Ranger. This story was not subject to the approval of Major League Baseball or its clubs.

Man's Leg Broken During Attempted Robbery
The 69-year-old was riding his bike home when a man knocked him down and tried to rob him
A 69-year-old man suffered a broken leg this morning after a man tried to rob him and then threw him and his bike to the ground when he didn't get any money, according to a Manatee County Sheriff's report.

If any of the follow situations are happening in your life, please dial the appropriate numbers.
If you are unsure that God loves you, DIAL: John 3:16.
If you need faith, DIAL: Hebrews 11
If you need comfort, DIAL: 2 Corinthians 1:3-7
If you are worried, DIAL: Mathew 6:25-34
If you feel depressed, DIAL: 1 Peter 5:6-7
If you hear gossip, DIAL: Proverbs 26:22-25
If you feel overwhelmed by some force, DIAL: 1 John 4:4
If you are unsure about your current friends, DIAL: 1 Corinthians 15:33
If you love worldly things in life, DIAL: 1 John 2:15
If you love money, DIAL: 1 Timothy 6:10.
If you are focused on succeeding in this life, DIAL: Matthew 16:26
If you want to be fruitful in life, DIAL: John 15:1-11
If you want advice with your investments, DIAL: Matthew 6:19-21.
If you aren’t sure about participating in something, DIAL: Philippians 4:8
If you are experiencing sorrow or pain, DIAL: Revelation 21:4
If you are being persecuting, DIAL: Matthew 5:10-12
If you are being tempted to sin, DIAL: 1 Corinthians 10:13
If you have sinned, DIAL: 1 John 1:9
If you feel you can’t be forgiven and saved, DIAL: Isaiah 59:1-2.
If you are in trouble and need to be saved, DIAL: 1 Peter 3:21
All numbers can be dialed directly. If you need to speak with someone directly, please bow your head in prayer now. God is standing by.
(Idea was inspired by an article by an unknown writer)

Pollock not intimidated by outfield depth
Prospect likely to begin season at Reno, just a phone call away from big leagues
SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. -- When thinking of the crowded D-backs outfield and which player in the organization suffers the most from it, Gerardo Parra is typically the first guy to come to mind.
But for Parra, being the fourth outfielder still means receiving consistent playing time in the big leagues. Being slotted as the fifth or sixth outfielder, however, is another story.
That's A.J. Pollock's role coming into camp, despite being ranked as the club's No. 8 prospect by MLB.com. With Parra backing up Jason Kubel, Adam Eaton and Cody Ross, and with Eric Hinske available as an emergency outfielder, Pollock's chances of making the 25-man Opening Day roster are pretty slim, barring injury.
So does the 25-year-old get frustrated with the lack of opportunity, even though he's a well thought of prospect? Not really. He embraces the competition.
"You never want anything handed to you, so it's a good thing we have so many quality players," he said. "It's always good to have depth and you never know when it'll be your turn. We all work great together and we're all competing. I like it."
Last season, Pollock got his beak wet in the Majors, as the D-backs called him up to the big leagues five separate times throughout the year, twice for just a single day. He made his debut on April 18 and finished the season batting .247 with eight runs and eight RBIs in 81 at-bats. The short stints with Arizona gave Pollock a good sense of the atmosphere and competition level, but not being able to stick around for any lengthy period of time didn't let him fully adjust.
At Triple-A Reno, he played every day, but during his time with the D-backs, he found himself in the unfamiliar situation of only being used sparingly.
"It's part of the game. I knew if I got up, that was my role," Pollock said. "You just have to make it work. You can either say it's real hard or you can try to work with it and compete every day. For me, though, meeting the guys and just getting comfortable up there was the biggest thing."
Drafted in the first round out of Notre Dame in 2009, Pollock made a quick ascension through the D-backs' farm system. In each of his last two Minor League campaigns, he has hit above .300 with his most productive year coming last season when he posted a .369 on-base percentage at Reno, which won a league championship.
"It was fun. I had a great time with those guys," he said. "Things worked out down there and to finish what we started, it was great. Everyone was on the same page, everyone was working toward the same thing, which was making the players better and winning games."
Manager Kirk Gibson has liked Pollock since the first time he saw him. So much so that he has even reached out to one of his old college coaches at Notre Dame, Graham Sikes, who now coaches Gibson's son at Michigan State.
"I've talked with him a lot about A.J.," Gibson said. "A.J. is a guy whose thought process is similar to Goldy [Paul Goldschmidt]. He's curious about a lot of different things, he wants you to point out something when you see it. Some guys, you have to develop a relationship with before they take it the right way, but A.J. is certainly a guy who will listen."
So far this spring, Pollock has a .278 on-base percentage in 16 at-bats, but he isn't concerned with his production just yet. He's more worried about getting back into a rhythm at the plate.
"I'm getting everything in order right now. You kind of have a check list you go through," he said. "As a hitter, it's hard to fully focus on results from the start. You just want to make sure you're seeing pitches well, your timing is good and everything feels right up there. Hopefully, I'll be peaking toward the end of spring so I can flow right into the season."
Whether that means beginning 2013 in Reno again, Pollock isn't sure, but according to his manager, the outfielder won't be far off the club's radar regardless of where he is.
"He's right there, so if nobody gets hurt and somebody goes to the Minor Leagues, they are right there," Gibson said. "He's just a solid ballplayer, what doesn't he do well?"
Tyler Emerick is an associate reporter for MLB.com. This story was not subject to the approval of Major League Baseball or its clubs.

For a meaningless, regular season finale, Wednesday night's matchup between the Celtics and Knicks sure was entertaining.
With seven members of their regular rotation sidelined, the C's still had enough to beat their soon-to-be playoff opponents, using career nights from Avery Bradley and Sasha Pavlovic to beat New York, 112-102. Pavlovic scored 19 points and hit 4-of-5 from long distance in 35 minutes off the bench while Bradley, seeing extensive time at the point due to the absence of both Rajon Rondo and Delonte West, put in 20 points on 10-of-16 shooting, along with three rebounds, two assists and two steals in 27 minutes. The C's led by just two after three quarters but ran away in the fourth, leading by as many as 16 before cruising to victory and finishing up at 56-26.
Glen Davis led Wednesday's starters with 17 points and eight rebounds while Jeff Green had his second straight solid game, finishing with 14 points, eight boards and three assists.
The Knicks, who will return to TD Garden for Game 1 of their first round playoff series with the Celts on Sunday, rested Carmelo Anthony and Chauncey Billups, but gave their other star, Amare Stoudemire, some run after the big man had missed their last three games with an ankle sprain. Stoudemire hoisted 15 shots in just 20 minutes, making six of them and ending up with 14 points and four rebounds. Rookie guard Landry Fields led the Knicks with 18 points and seven boards, while former Celtic Bill Walker started and chipped in 12 points in 24 minutes.
Nenad Krstic, who will likely be coming off the bench once the games matter again, started on Wednesday and 13 points to go with six rebounds. It's expected that Shaquille O'Neal will be available for Game 1 on Sunday, as will Jermaine O'Neal, who was one of the spectators on Wednesday. Game 1 will be played at 7 p.m. EDT, on Sunday and can be seen on TNT.
There are 0 Comments. Add Yours.
Shortcuts to mastering the comment thread. Use wisely.
C - Next Comment
X - Mark as Read
R - Reply
Z - Mark Read & Next
Shift + C - Previous
Shift + A - Mark All Read
Live comment alert: Hide it!

Who knew that Italian ciao was a variation of schiavo "(I am your) servant" from medieval Latin sclavus "slave".
slave was borrowed from Old French esclave, which is related to the Latin sclavus. The Latin word was borrowed into English as Slav.
Further etymology of sclavus is uncertain. In my previous post I write that Slav and slave seem to be derived from Proto-Slavic *slovo "word" or *slava "fame, glory" but I think I was wrong. The OED says Old Slavic Slovēne is supposed to be derived from slovo, but is it really? The whole thing is a bit of a muddle.
10 comments:
I'd love to know the etymology of "slave" as well but it looks like time has erased many leads. It really is an interesting muddle.
Similar story in Swedish. The greetings `tja' or `tjena' is an abbreviation of `tjenare' which is a variant of `tjänare’in the phrase ‘Jag förbliver Eder ödmjukaste tjänare’ (I remain your most humble servant).
What makes you doubt the origin from *slovo "word" or *slava "fame, glory" ?
be_slayed: just because I haven't seen any clear statement to this effect. All the OED says is that Slovēne "is supposed to be derived from the stem of slovo word, sloviti to speak."
I think you guys are on the right track. I never understood why the derivation of Common Slavic (CS) Slovēne from *k'lew- 'hear' was considered controversial. It seems the IE verb *klew- (attested in CS sly- > Proto-CS *ślū) is the origin of all the words in question:
CS *slovo 'word' > Proto-CS *ślavam
CS *slava 'fame' > Proto-CS *ślāvā cf. Indic śravas Greek klewos
CS *slověne 'Slavs (pl)' > Proto-CS *ślavēnai (?)
CS *slavitь 'glorifies' > Proto-CS *ślāviti =(?) Indic śrāvayati
It seems IE *e, inasmuch as it ever existed, must've merged with Proto-CS *a before labials sometime long ago.
Is it a question of which word exactly *slověne is derived from? Would that have archeaological implications? I'm wondering if the vowel lengths point to the answer. Input welcome. Ciao!
Hermeneuo: "It seems IE *e, inasmuch as it ever existed, [...]"
??
Oh, I had assumed that to have phonemic status a sound had to appear in minimal pairs (e.g. bat : bet).
I haven't seen any examples of PIE *o and *e being in phonemic opposition. I'd appreciate any thoughts on whether they are distinct phonemes.
According to Fortson in Indo-European Language and Culture, *e and *o are distinct phonemes. I think I found a minimal pair in *krét-u-s "insight, intelligence", and the genitive form *krót-u-s.
Great find. I think it's an example of IE apophony (cf Fortson 4.12; 4.16). The classic 'proof' of *e≠*o also involves apophony: Indic cakram=*kʷekʷlos=Greek kyklos, yet I fail to see what this actually proves beyond च≠क. As with the etymology of *slovene, on the surface *e:*o is an inconsequential chicken-and-egg trifle, yet entire 'historical narratives' might indeed hinge upon it. Interesting stuff, thanks for bringing it up.
Yes *krét-u-s / *krót-u-s is apophony, but it's still a minimal pair, isn't it?
http://bradshawofthefuture.blogspot.com/2011/11/ciao

Ty Stone album release and a pleasant surprise…
Let me start by saying I am NOT a concert photographer nor a music critic in any way but I did shoot a concert recently. I’m not going to spend alot of time on Ty Stone - what could I possibly say? The guy is a solid musician, he’s backed by Kid Rock, his career is set. I was invited by a member of his management after I requested a portrait session so I went to the show to snag a few shots and possibly meet Ty in person; I quickly realized that after a slew of press events and commercial shoots down in Nashville that I would probably not be the first thing on his radar. I was, however, pleasantly surprised before Ty took the stage. Paulina Jayne, Brandon Calhoon, and Doop and the Inside Outlaws opened the evening. I still can’t get over the fact that Paulina is only 16! She played a heartfelt, boot stomping set with a great band and sang her heart out. Brandon Calhoon belted out some sweet southern rock that I haven’t heard live in long time; his wailing guitar and resonating vocals made my camera shake. Empassioned would be an understatement. Doop and the Inside Outlaws wowed the crowd as usual with some bluesy, country rock that was exceptional. Clever lyrics and outstanding work by the band as a single unit kept me at the stage edge longer than I expected. These three bands are trying to carve a line for themselves and reach the limelight, and they still have a lot to say and a lot of fight in them. It was really great to see a group of gifted musicians play like crazy and put on fantastic shows. I find Detroit endlessly fascinating when it comes to music. The city where Motown was born is also home to spectacular Rock legends and pinnacles of Rap and Country - it’s a music melting pot, and it offers endless opportunities that were not afforded to me in other cities that I’ve lived and worked in. Check out the collection of shots I took. I think you’ll feel like you are right there with me, seeing some excellent musicians play their hearts out. You may want to update your playlist with their music too.
Brad Ziegler
- Tell the story -

- Tents & Shelters
- Sleeping Bags
- Cots, Pads, Hammocks
- Packs, Bags and Luggage
- Paddlesports
- Backpacking Gear
- Generators
- GPS & Navigation Gear
- Lighting
- Solar
- Cooking and Food Prep
- Dehydrated Foods
- Coolers and Dry Storage
- Auto & RV
- Dog Camping Supplies
- Camp Comfort and Furniture
- Camp Accessories
- Camping Books and DVD's
- Camping Clearance
Site Information
Customer Service
Copyright © 1998 - 2013 Sportsman's Warehouse. All rights reserved. Online pricing may vary from in-store pricing.
Using this web site acknowledges your agreement to the Terms of Use and Online Privacy Policy.

How Damaged Are N.F.L. Players’ Brains?
Virginia Hughes of The New Yorker interviews Dr. John Hart, Jr. about the latest BrainHealth research involving former NFL players.Continue Reading
Virginia Hughes of The New Yorker interviews Dr. John Hart, Jr. about the latest BrainHealth research involving former NFL players.Continue Reading
Dr. Chapman discusses her upcoming TED talk.
By: Sandra Bond Chapman, Ph.D.
Carol Cavazos interviewed BrainHealth researchers about their take on the president's $100 million brain mapping plan.Continue Reading
Make a real difference by taking part in unique brain studies designed to investigate all aspects of the brain – across ages, disorders, and conditions. Discover how.Continue Reading
The Center seeks exemplary student research scientists - including the most promising postdoctoral students. Find out how you can join the team.Continue Reading
Eric Nestler, M.D., Ph.D.Scientific Advisory Board Member
Dr. Eric Nestler is the Nash Family Professor of Neuroscience at the Mount Sinai School of Medicine in New York, where he serves as Chair of the Department of Neuroscience and Director of the Friedman Brain Institute. He is a member of the Center for BrainHealth's scientific advisory board.View Full Profile
At BrainHealth, Sarah works closely with researchers on drafting research proposals to garner funds from various agencies as well as audits funds once awarded.View Full Profile
Dr. Didehbani conducts clinical research as a part of the BrainHealth Institute for Athletes team and administers neuropsychological assessments with professional athletes involved in the study. Dr. Didehbani, a liscensed psychologist, is also trained to conduct the repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation intervention as part of BrainHealth's research with service members returning from war.View Full Profile
Jennifer Zientz, M.S., CCC/SLPHead of Clinical Services
Jennifer Zientz, head of clinical services at the Center for BrainHealth, studies healthy aging across generations.View Full Profile
Watch and share Dr. Chapman's 10-minute TEDx Talk at TEDxRockCreekPark.
The Reprogramming the Human Brain Symposium, an annual research and treatment conference organized in part by the Center for BrainHealth, will concentrate this year on the cognitive neuroscience of decision-making and addiction.
BrainHealth's Dr. Chapman shares how science shows single-tasking makes you smarter and boosts brainpower.
KERA's Lauren Silverman covers Center for BrainHealth's May 7, Boosting Brain Performance lecture featuring Daryl Johnston, Dr. John Hart, Brad Sham and Cooper Gardiner. The discussion covers concussion myths and facts as well as the changing rules and culture surrounding head injuries.
Jake Schick, part of the Warrior Training Team at the Brain Performance Institute at Center for BrainHealth, talks to Jane McGarry on Good Morning Texas about his experience in the Marines and the circumstances that have shaped his hopeful future as well as his desire to help others.

Hi Everyone,
Welcome to another work week. Sorry to remind you. But today, we do have a new review. This one is about Rockstar Rehab. Just like XDurance, I was absolutely intrigued to try this one. The main reason: Rockstar Rehab contains coconut water, but with 160 mg of caffeine. Basically, this is just another flavor to the Recovery line-up, at least in a way. I didn’t mind the flavor to this one. Coconut is very good for you to begin with, but I know coconut water is not for everyone. And after the week I had (Not that my week was bad, but it was busy), I needed a drink like Rockstar Rehab. I’m not saying I will drink this one religiously when it comes to the Rockstar line-up. But I would certainly buy it again. Wednesday’s review: Rockstar Iced. ng, potassium (monopotassium phosphate) 2 mg, vitamin B12 30 mcg.
Non-Medicinal Ingredients (Per 473 mL): Water, sugar, coconut water concentrate, phosphoric acid, pectin, potassium sorbate, calcium lactate pentahydrate, coconut flavor, acesulfame potassium, sucralose, caramel color.

Is Barack Obama the Ultimate Sleeper Agent?
There is too much about Obama that we don’t know. I’m still amazed that there were enough idiots in this country to get him elected!
Is Barack Obama the Ultimate Sleeper Agent?phys,es?
LINK:
One Response to “Is Barack Obama the Ultimate Sleeper Agent?”
Where's The Comment Form?
if you look close he is BIN LADIN shaved down and cleaned up.
mad max
July 16, 2010

>><<
From the Journals of Jean Seberg
Literally burned by Preminger, driven crazy by an army of husbands, hangers-on, and J. Edgar Hoover, Jean Seberg lives on in a new documentary.
Writer-director Mark Rappaport, familiar from 1992's Rock Hudson's Home Movies, has devised an ingenious strategy for dealing with this complex character in From the Journals of Jean Seberg. He hired Mary Beth Hurt (born 10 years later in the same Iowa town as Seberg) to play the actress as if she didn't commit suicide in 1979 but lives on — like all actors — through the magic of film, reincarnated as a sort of performance artist, film historian, and cultural commentator. The illusion is remarkably successful from Hurt's first appearance — she has the look of an aging gamin, disillusioned but still vibrant and droll. The title of the film is typical of Rappaport's devious approach — the "diaries" don't exist, they're simply Rappaport's clever conceit to explore issues of voyeurism, stardom, and exploitation.
The format of the film is loosely chronological, starting with Seberg's appearance in Saint Joan after being chosen from 3000 contenders. We learn that director Preminger's legendary cruelty extended far beyond the usual director-actor trials: on the day that a Life magazine photographer was invited to cover Joan being burned at the stake, Preminger allowed Seberg to actually be burned. This event is rendered in a dazzling collage style typical of the film, including shots from the production, images from the Life magazine story, and Hurt talking about the event directly to the camera.
Rappaport puts Seberg in context as one of an army of cinematic Joans — Ingrid Bergman, Falconetti, Alida Valli — through clips that show both Seberg's freshness and youth and the beginnings of the exploitation of her image and her entrapment by it. Hurt talks in mock-horrific tones about the "curse of Joan," how the role had all kinds of tragic repercussions in the lives of the actresses who played her. Rappaport's leisurely digressions begin here — with Hurt describing things as seemingly tangential but fascinating as the fact that Falconetti's grandson was the first person in France to die of AIDS in 1984.
Seberg's next film was also for Preminger — Bonjour Tristesse. This time Rappaport gives her a kind of posthumous revenge against the dictatorial director. During filming, Preminger tormented her by threatening to replace her with Audrey Hepburn. In a startlingly clever scene, Rappaport shows an exchange between Seberg and David Niven, then reprises it by superimposing Hepburn's head over Seberg's. Hurt says she was secure that no 29-year-old (Hepburn) could play a 17-year-old. This is one of several comic superimpositions in the film, the funniest perhaps being when Hurt speculates that Barbra Streisand must have been one of the 3000 women who tried out for Saint Joan. In the scene of Joan burning at the stake, Rappaport replaces Seberg's head with that of poor wailing Babs.
Seberg's career was filled with disappointments — good roles that flopped at the box office (Lill.
Of course, Fonda, Redgrave, and Seberg had another crucial similarity — activist politics. And all suffered for it, says Seberg, though Fonda "was protected by her star image." Redgrave's work with the PLO decimated her roles, and she eventually passed into character parts. And Seberg? She was framed by the FBI, Hoover in particular, who leaked stories that she was pregnant by one of the Black Panthers, whose cause she fought for. When her child (the father was Romain Gary) died at birth, she insisted on a glass coffin, to show the world they had been duped. A series of nervous breakdowns followed that eventually killed Seberg in 1979 at the age of 40.
While the essentials of Seberg's life are here for star-gazers, Rappaport uses her as a springboard for a discussion of larger issues. His combination of patchwork-quilt visuals, comic superimpositions, witty speculations on showbiz ("It's called show business, not show art," Seberg reminds us), and intriguing analysis of America's fixation with the female face and body, makes for both imaginative biography and art.
BLFJ on Instagram
@brightlightsfilm - stills, photos, and images from classic and contemporary films from around the world.
Safe Runescape gold On Sale.

Shake off the last of those chilly winter doldrums, boot up your Google calendar and set phasers to “summer,” kids, because here’s your first batch things to look forward to. The Brooklyn Bridge Park Conservancy today released its list of the eight films that will be featured in its Movies With a View program at picturesque Brooklyn Bridge Park: the list includes family favorites (ET, Clueless) and personal favorites (Wet Hot American Summer). If you’ve never been before, you shouldn’t have a hard time figuring out why this is one of our favorite events of the year: the chance to picnic in the park under the summer sun and see a free movie framed by the skyline of Manhattan and the Statue of Liberty. High five, America! See the full schedule below.
July 5: ET
July 12: To Kill A Mockingbird
July 19: Slumdog Millionaire
July 26: Clueless
Aug. 2: Wet Hot American Summer
Aug. 9: Barefoot in the Park
Aug. 16: The Big Chill
Aug. 23: Unforgiven
Aug. 30: Public vote (check website to weigh in on options)

By Linda Collins
Brooklyn Daily Eagle
Sheepshead Bay will soon have its supermarket back, thanks to the efforts of Brooklyn Borough President Marty Markowitz and the LeFrak Organization.
ALDI Food Market has signed a 10-year lease with LeFrak for the 18,481-square-foot space formerly occupied by a Pathmark grocery store at 3785 Nostrand Ave. It is slated to open in late 2013.
According to Markowitz, this is the first store in Brooklyn and fourth citywide for the store that will offer customers more than 1,400 of the most frequently purchased items sold under ALDI exclusive brands for much less.
“The preservation and creation of supermarkets has been, and continues to be, a top priority of my office,” said Markowitz, who was joined in making the announcement last Friday by state
Assembly member Helene Weinstein, City Council member Lew Fidler and Theresa Scavo, district manager of Community Board 15.
Described as a retailer that has grown without mergers or acquisitions, ALDI opened 75 stores in the U.S. in 2011 and plans to open 80 more in 2012.
Other city locations are in Rego Park (61-11 Junction Blvd.), the Bronx (1750 E Gun Hill Rd.) and a recently opened one in Manhattan (517 East 117th St.).
“We are looking forward to bringing our first store to the Brooklyn community and helping customers stretch their dollars even further,” said Bruce Persohn, a division vice president for ALDI. “Once open, we will challenge shoppers to switch from national brands to our exclusive brands and save up to 50 percent without compromising quality.”
Commented Marylou Berk, head of commercial real estate for LeFrak, “Everyone [at LeFrak] is excited to have brought ALDI to the Sheepshead Bay community. Residents in this area are looking forward to having a grocery chain that offers high-quality items at unbeatable prices.”
Michael Stone of Cushman and Wakefield represented the shopping center. The tenant was represented by Esther Bukai of Ripco Real Estate.
October 17, 2012 - 4:17pm

On Sunday, Nov. 18, at 3 p.m., Brooklyn Friends of Chamber Music (BFCM) and the Brooklyn Symphony Orchestra present a joint concert to honor the memory of Justice Gustin L. Reichbach (1946-2012) and Hope (1988-2011), daughter of Justice Reichbach and Ellen Meyers.
The concert will take place at The Church of St. Ann and the Holy Trinity, Clinton and Montague streets in Brooklyn Heights.
Engaged with radical politics at Columbia University School of Law, Justice Gustin Reichbach led student protests in 1968 and went on to a career as a fiercely independent lawyer and judge. He won a court case that helped legalize residential loft life in Soho and TriBeCa, blasted a state agency from the bench for ignoring Medicaid fraud and served as a judge on a war-crimes tribunal in Kosovo. He provided prostitutes with condoms, H.I.V. testing and counseling. To his delight, the Daily News called him the Condom Judge on its front page.
Hon. Barry Kamins, administrative judge for Criminal Matters, Second Judicial District, said, "The concert is a wonderful way to honor the memory of Judge Reichbach and his daughter Hope. Judge Reichbach was a man of great integrity and behind his love of the law, he enjoyed the arts and music and this is a great way to celebrate his life."
Justice David Schmidt of Brooklyn Supreme Court (Civil Term) said of Judge Reichbach: Deborah Dowling of Brooklyn Supreme Court (Criminal Term) said, "Judge Reichbach was always a man of principle who was unafraid to look at things, including the law, in an unconventional way. He truly was a catalyst for change both in his professional and personal life."
In May, Justice Reichbach wrote an op-ed article in The New York Times pleading for the legalization of marijuana for medical purposes. He himself was using it to ease his cancer treatments. Justice Reichbach died of pancreatic cancer in July 2012.
Hope Reichbach grew up in Brooklyn and attended Hunter College High School. In her senior year she teamed up with the New York Civil Liberties Union to sue then-Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld for what she believed to be his illegal military recruitment tactics.
City Councilman Steve Levin made Hope his communications director, and, at age 22, Hope ran for female district leader. She was recognized as a rising star in Brooklyn politics, but died in April 2011.
For friends, family and members of the Brooklyn community, this concert will hold a special meaning as Justice Reichbach had hoped to serve as narrator for the Beavers concerto. Actor Harris Yulin will take his place.
All proceeds from this concert will be donated to the Hope Reichbach Memorial Fund, which provides scholarships for students in civic leadership and grassroots community organizing.
The program will include Felix Mendelssohn, “Octet in E-flat major, Op. 20” and Kevin Beavers “Roscoe Concerto for Violin, Narrator and Orchestra on a Text by William Kennedy.”
The musicians include these faculty and students of the Manhattan School of Music: Christina Bouey, Xiao Wang, Holly Jenkins, Karen Dekker, violins; Celia Hatton, Nicholas Mann, violas; Grace Ho, David Geber, cellos.
The Brooklyn Symphony Orchestra will also perform with J. Freivogel, first violinist of the Jasper Quintet, on violin.
Harris Yulin's last stage appearance was as Willy Loman in Arthur Miller's “Death of a Salesman” at the Gate Theatre, Dublin. His production of Horton Foote's “The Trip to Bountiful” at the Signature Theatre won four Lortel awards (including direction), in an extended run.
The Brooklyn Symphony Orchestra was founded in 1973 and is comprised of talented amateur, semi-professional, and professional musicians. Nicholas Armstrong has been its Artistic Director since 1997. He is Head of the Performing Arts Department at the Poly Prep School.
Tickets are $20 at the door, students $10. For more information, call (718) 855-3053.

Monday, February 13, 2012
Giant Chocolate Toffee Cookies
For this month's Secret Recipe Club, I was assigned the blog Bitchin Kitchin by Ellie in NJ. Ellie is a true foodie and her wonderful blog is full of savory and sweet selections, complete with lots of great photos that walk you through her recipes. If you get a chance, you must check out her cupcakes (so many tempting flavor combinations). It's been a very hectic month in the ButterYum household, so I chose a simple recipe to share with you today - Giant Chocolate Toffee Cookies. And yes, Giant is an accurate description as each cookie measure about 4-inches in diameter. These cookies are a bit unusual - the recipe calls for only 1/2 cup flour, but an entire pound of chocolate, 4 large eggs, and 1 3/4 cup brown sugar. They bake up big and heavy, but with a meringue-like quality to them - crispy on the outside, soft and chewy on the inside.
My Notes: The cookie batter is a snap to make, but it has to chill for 45 minutes before baking. I used a # 20 cookie scoop to portion out the dough, which yielded exactly 24 large cookies, I baked only 6 cookies per sheet pan, chilling the dough between batches. Much like dipping ice cream, rinsing the scoop with hot water every couple of dips allowed the hard, cold dough to release from the scoop easily. Plan to use several sheet pans as the cookies need to cool completely before being moved. Also, I see no reason why you couldn't make them smaller if you wanted to - simply adjust the baking time. These fantastic cookie are even better a day or two after they're baked.
Giant Chocolate Toffee Cookies
makes 24 cookies (using #20 scoop)
1/2 cup all purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
16 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, chopped
4 tablespoons unsalted butter
1 3/4 cups packed brown sugar
4 large eggs
1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract
7 ounces chocolate covered toffee bar bit, chopped (Skor, Heath, etc)
optional 1 cup walnuts, toasted and chopped (black walnuts would work particularly well here)
(No need to preheat the oven yet - the dough needs to chill before baking).
In a small bowl, whisk together flour, salt, and baking powder; set aside.
In a double boiler over medium heat, slowly melt the chocolate and butter together until smooth (my chocolate seized a bit before finally melting - probably caused by the moisture content of my butter. I just moved my double boiler off the heat and stirred the firm chocolate mass every few minutes until it relaxed into a melted puddle of chocolate goodness). Set melted chocolate mixture aside and allow to cool to lukewarm.
Beat sugar and eggs together for about 5 minutes until thick (I used my stand mixer with the whisk attachment). Slowly add the melted chocolate and vanilla extract. Next add the flour mixture, followed by the chopped toffee candy and nuts. Cover bowl with plastic and chill for 45 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350F. Drop cookie dough 2 1/2-inches apart onto sheet pans lined with parchment or silicone (6 cookies per sheet pan). Bake for 15 minutes; cool completely before removing. Store cookies in an airtight container at room temperature.

